I don't know why, but Flexaril just isn't doing the trick for me anymore. I'm shocked by how well this product works for muscle spasms, I suppose the Valerian and passiflora which are also mental relaxants along with the magnesium for the cramping help give you that over all feeling of "ahhh." I know not everything works for everyone and it's a relatively expensive purchase if it doesn't. If you're need of one of their other vitamins, order those and they'll send along a free trial of the Valerin and you can find out for yourself. That's how I got to experience it, I ordered their cinnamon for blood sugar support and got the sample.I also take the Valerin at night with Schiff Melatonin Plus, total relaxation comes swiftly and long vivid dreams follow. (a side effect of melatonin I really enjoy) I like this product so much I've been passing it out like a pusher telling people, try this it's awesome!
Not the most innovative concept in marketing, but Galdwell did a very good job in explaining a complex phenomena by giving easy to follow examples. I particularly like the Boston Tea Party example.
These being used, I feel i'll need to replace the battery in one of the handsets (not as good reception/short battery life). But it was a bargain and my previous phone had really kicked off with no chance of return.
Up front, spend a little more and get a Lint Lizard. This thing is a cheap knock-off.For starters, it wouldn't fit on my standard household vacuum cleaner. To make it fit, I had to slit a spot in the attachment to make it fit. After struggling with it, I finally hooked it up to my shop-vac and it fit perfectly.To give you the general idea of how disappointing this is, I needed it to clean my dryer which has been out of service for several days due to lint build-up. Living on a gravel road in the country, things get dustier than normal, meaning more regular cleaning. Once the shop-vac was fired up, I attempted to clean the dryer vent.As long as you're going straight in, it does pretty well. Once you start bending the hose to catch those nooks and crannies, it kinks up and loses suction. This is NOT helpful at all. I finally managed to get it to do what was needed after fussing and fuming with it. In the meantime, the stupid thing got stuck down in the dryer vent and I cut my hand to pieces trying to dig it out.A Lint Lizard isn't the greatest thing since sliced bread but it sure beats this little ditty!
These are not high end knives with layers and layers of paint or varnish and the price reflects that. Where else can you get four riveted wooden handled spreading knives at this price?My knives came individually wrapped in plastic. The serrations on these knives are very aggressive. I wash them carefully because I'm afraid I might take a chunk out of my flesh. I usually do my spreading using the smooth non serrated side of the blade. The varnish on the wood is a bit thin but I oiled the handles with mineral oil and they are holding up great.If your knives arrive with stickers on the handles as some reviewers mentioned (mine did not) then use goo gone to remove the stickers instead of soaking in water. Never soak wooden ware or utensils with wood handles. If you properly care for wood it will last a lifetime. Hand wash, rinse and dry immediately. Rub mineral oil on the wood once a month or as needed.
Thank to Gigi for keep the Italian romantic style alive. Great CD and song selection to listen in the car, while jogging or having romantic evening with your mate.
My son loves this book, perhaps because it goes through an entire day in the life of toddlers, and he sees so many things that are familiar to him. The kids eat breakfast, get dressed, play, take naps, have baths, and get stories read at bedtime. He loves following the children through their day. We read this one every night.
Not only is the price of this disc reasonable, but it would be worth it at retail. Twenty-one classic oldies from the sixties, all sounding better than they ever have before, at a good price. I can't imagine a better deal! This cd contains some of the hard to find hits like, &quot;My Boy Lollipop&quot; by Millie Small, &quot;Laurie&quot; by Dickie Lee, and &quot;Rumors&quot; by Johnny Crawford, in addition to first-time releases of &quot;Witchi Tai To&quot; by Everything Is Everything, the stereo single versions of &quot;Sailor&quot; by Lolita, Jo Ann Campbell's &quot;A Kookie Little Paradise&quot;, &quot;(Just Like) Romeo and Juliet&quot; by The Reflections, Miriam Makeba's &quot;Pata Pata&quot;, and the mono single version of &quot;Master Jack&quot; by Four Jacks and a Jill! In short, it's flawless, and is a must-have for anyone who loves sixties oldies.
For anyone who has to take an elevator at home or at work, you can't tell me that you've never thought about what it would be like to be stuck in an elevator. I have and it's something that's always on my mind everytime I step into one. Chances are, most people have been stuck at least once. It's scary even though you logically know that you're going to get out. I won't quite compare an elevator ride to flying or taking the subway but it is a form of transportation and you have little control until the big box that encapsulates you decides to open and releases you. Luckily, 99.9% of the time it does.Basically, we have a skyscraper office building and three men and two women "randomly" board the ill fated elevator. On the 30th floor or so they realize they are stuck as the elevator jolts and ceases to move. Immediately building security that monitors the elevators is aware that they have a stuck elevator and puts a man on the job of getting them unstuck. What should be an easy procedure becomes challange after challange as attempts to rescue them are thrwarted by seemingly normal mishaps.A big problem is that building security can see them and speak to them but the trapped passengers cannot be heard. A detective who is a couple months sober happens to be in the vicinity, investigating a suicide jumper from the skyscraper building where the stuck elevator is. The detective is brought into the building because as the lights flicker on and off, one of the five is dead so the other four quickly become suspicious of each other. There was very little character development but that's okay. The storyline that the devil is supposed to be in the elevator and could be any one of them is almost incidental; for me it was all about being in a trapped elevator with no apparent way out. This movie was strangely satisfying and I enjoyed it but when I go back to work tomorrow, I'll take the stairs.
In case no one's told you yet, &quot;Brazil&quot; is a really great film. I can think of no other movie that has stuck with me so vividly, for so many years, after only one viewing.That's right, despite the fact that I consider &quot;Brazil&quot; one of the greatest films of all time, I've only seen it once, and have no plans ever to see it again. The visuals are rich, with bizarrely Orwellian settings, the performances were brilliant, the writing superb, and despite all that, or perhaps because of it, I can't make myself go through it again.&quot;Brazil&quot; manages to be both deeply depressing and funny at the same time. The story centers on a man who works in an administrative position at the Bureau of Information Retrieval, an enormous agency whose job it is to spy on people, invading their lives and torturing them as needed, all in an effort to &quot;stop terrorism&quot;. Adding insult to injury, the Bureau then bills its torture victims for its &quot;Information Retrieval&quot; costs incurred while conducting its investigations.It becomes painfully clear in the course of the film that these putative efforts to stop terrorism are meaningless. The terrorists, if there were any in the first place, have become nothing but an excuse for oppression. The government has a strange way of responding instantly to any terrorist act, as if they knew it was going to happen beforehand.Despite the grim setting and even grimmer events that transpire, &quot;Brazil&quot; nonetheless remains entertaining, absurdly funny, and even occasionally (for brief periods, anyway) uplifting. I think most people will gain something from watching this film at least once, Once may even be enough.
Years ago, I replaced my regular home phone with VoIP but now it looks like I'll be replacing my home VoIP phone too! This Nokia N95 *is* my VoIP phone when I'm home! AND... I can take it with me everywhere I go.You can be anywhere in the World and as long as you have a WiFi connection, your phone numbers will be active for incoming and outgoing VoIP calls. I say "phone numbers" because with VoIP you can have multiple international numbers ring on the same phone. i.e. I have a Miami number, a London UK number and a Caribbean phone number all ring on the same Nokia N95 phone. How? You need a good VoIP provider that offers multiple numbers on the same account (called DID's).Throw all your other phones away!!! Seriously - but give yourself a couple of weeks first to get acquainted with this phone. It's different from handling a Blackberry... both physically and operationally. It took me a couple of weeks to get used to it - in fact, it was a week before I took it for a walk outside the house :) It's just a few ounces in weight and it feels very delicate - like it might break or drop. But that's only because I was used to handling a Blackberry which is much bulkier and heavier.VoIP guys - Bear in mind that you MUST install a SIM chip to get the phone working properly - without the SIM chip, the phone goes into "off line" mode and it basically impossible to get it to do anything. i.e. you can't get the VoIP working if the SIM chip isn't installed.Of course, there's so many other features like GPS, Camera, etc... there's a pretty steep learning curve but it's definitely worthwhile!Give yourself enough time and you'll fall in love with this phone!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
I will state right now that this book is not, IMHO, an easy read, or a particularly fluid read.However, it is very informative, containing much information about the natural habits and ecology of varanid lizards. My main complaint is that the book seems to use V. rosenbergi as it's archetypal varanid; there are some 9 sub genera and several dozen species, and I wish that more attention had been payed to the some of the other varanids. However, this is still one of the few good monitor books that's actually in print, and is worth your read weather you're an academic herpetologist or a keeper (or for that matter if you are thinking about keeping a monitor). It provides insights that are sorely lacking in most other (in print) books, espically in regards to the thermal biology, water useage, and the diet of these lizards. It's easily worth your effort to read it.The discussions about taxonomy are also great, and informative in regards to how gene sequencing is being used to establish relationships and derivations between species.
Guy Montage is a fireman. But he doesn't stop houses from burning down. He starts the fire. They light the houses with books on fire, becuase books are considered bad. Not all books, but some, like the Bible, and any book containing thought. Books like porn, and goverment writings were premited. This is how the goverment at the time controled the people. By not letting them learn.Montage meets his new next door neighbor. Her name is Clairesse. Which in Spainish means clarity. And she does live up to her name. She makes Montage think for the first time. She asks him the most simple question, that can also be the most difficult. &quot;Are you happy&quot;. Montage thinks about this and realizes that he isn't. he wife trys to comit suicide, and she lives in a alter reality. SO he turns to his &quot;enemy&quot;, books.He starts to wonder what is in the books that he burns. And he realizes that he has been stealing books all the time he has been a fireman. So he gets the illegan books and starts to read them. The he goes to an old professer and they hatch a plan to re-print these books.Durring this time Montage has to face his fireman captain, Beatty. He also knows that the goverment is bad for holding the knowledge back, that is in books. But unlike Montage, he is doing nothing about it.Through out this book there are glimpses of the people, who like Montages wife, are clueless. Montage yells at woman who only care about the &quot;family&quot;, a TV show that lets you interact with the characters. Then he finds that it is his house that is to be burned down. And that he has to light the match.Montage goes through many stages in this book. He starts like a new born baby, not used to the world that he is in. He grows as the book goes along. From a newborn to a fifteen year old child. Just exploring the world, and startign to make a change.
I have enjoyed Morrow's work for some time, however this is a breakthrough novel. He grabs you and won't let go. It is a book that is both profane and profound. Bravo!
I'm a fan of low budget or B Horror from the 70's and 80's, but not a great fan of Italian Horror, I got this pack thinking it would be super cheesy and laughable, and these movies have there moments, but overall Zombie3 and 4 (haven't watched 5 yet) turned out to be right entertaining and had what I consider a lot of blood and gore. I was also surprised to find the prints were quite good, not excellent but far above the typical value set, and there were lots of extras including interviews and commentary. Obviously these are not the best zombie movies ever made, but they are far from the worst, I enjoyed them, and I'm happy to have them in my collection.
I bought a box of the Prismacolor Col-Erase blue pencils and a box of the Ticonderoga erasable blue checking pencils.Both pencils write clearly. However, the Prismacolor blue pencils are much better because their blue color is darker; more of a navy blue. The Ticonderoga's blue is lighter; more of a sky blue color.From now on, I'm going to buy the Prismacolor Col-Erase Erasable Colored Pencils, 12 Blue Pencils (20044). The Ticonderoga blue pencils are not dark enough.
I am SO glad I purchased this...boy, the memories it brought back of laughing at Ma and Pa's antics with my grandparents when I was a kid!!! The quality of the films is excellent, from the picture to the sound. The actors are some of the best that the world has ever been blessed to have had!Now my children are enjoying them with me, laughing at Ma and her huge brood, comparing them to me coming from a rambunctious family of ten! They couldn't believe though that she could do this with 15 kids and a lazy-bones like Pa!!!It's so refreshing to be able to have hours of entertainment that's actually funny without resorting to any crassness that's so pervasive in movies of our current era. For anyone who wants to have a wonderful trip down memory lane or who wants to see what good, clean entertainment with marvelous acting looks like, I would highly recomment this set as well as the next volume!
I am not usually a player of Resident Evil games. I played them and thought they were pretty damn good, but nothing I would get hyped up over. This game changed my perspective on RE games, but what a game could be. This game is SO HARD. It's one of those games where you say, "I've been playing this for 2 hours, why not try for another 2." I'm not too far in the game yet, but the enemies are not normal. They are so smart. Let's put it this way:If the enemies in this game had guns, you'd be !@#$ed!!!! You die SO FRIGGIN' FAST. That's what makes it fun to play. It's set aside from any other game i've played. One reason why: In any other game, when someone kills you with a chainsaw, a little blood flies, you go into a slow motion fall, and it plays sad music. NOT THIS GAME. I was standing there reloading my Shotgun, when a large man with a chainsaw was coming at me. As I pulled up to fire, he quickly put his chainsaw against my neck. My first thoughts were, "greate, now I get to see the bad graphics of the game." Yeah, I was wrong. To make a long story short: When my guy hit the ground, he hit it without a head on his shoulders.--GRAPHICS= 12/10 (yes, I wrote 12)--SOUND= 10/10--GAMEPLAY= 12/10 (yes, I mean 12 again)--KICK ASS FACTOR= 34/30WARNING: DUE TO THE EMENSE AMOUNT OF GORE, EVERY CHILD SHOULD PLAY THIS GAME.
This book is written extreamely well. All ideas come across in the book without using any bad language. The author does not automatically assume the reader's attitudes / outlooks - she writes it objectively. She covers what she has advertised on the title - and even has a small vocabulary in the back [doesn't assume that the reader knows all of the abbreviations used in the book. The style the book is written in keeps interest - I read the 163 pages in one day.
GREAT bc there is not greasy film. Plus I do not like SPF in Mens products and Loreal has many GrEAT mens products at a REALLY GREAT PRICE !!
It's one thing having a 10,000 musical instrument, but it's another to manipulate sounds and make melodies out of it. After listening to this album once and loving almost every damn song, i cannot understand why the hell radio stations play rubbish like Enrique Igelesias and Kylie Monique (well Enrique screwed Anna Kornikova and Kylie is always half naked), and in the middle of that culture we live in, peoeple miss out on beautifully composed music from Frou Frou. I MUST SAY the lady in the CD sounds haunting. she has a lovely voice. only after watching garden state did i discover such a rare pop/synth talent such as this one. If you're a mid 20s like me, you'll love this album. and by the way, THIS REVIEW IS FROM SOMEONE WHO'S LISTENED TO NOTHING BUT ROCK AND CLASSIC ROCK ALL HIS LIFE!! thank you for such beautiful music.
For people who have never watched fairly clean movies then John Waynes will be a pleasure to watch. As all Wayne movies this is clean, simple, and good.
I'd loved all the other Jack Ryan stories I'd read (though I hadn't read all of them). This was a little too coarse and nowhere near as good as the earlier ones.
I will attest at the outset that I am far more of a pen snob than a mechanical pencil snob, but I still find I was quite disappointed by the Graph Gear 500 that I recently purchased. For some reason, these things seem to get an almost cult-like following and I really don't have a clue why that is, now that I've used one of them myself.It is a very basic, almost cheap looking mechanical pencil except for the grip and tip, which are actually metal. Even here, however, the metal is not finely made or turned on a lath so that it feels brushed, nor is it polished. No, instead, it looks and feels cheap, like pot metal. Were it not for the knurling on the grip, you would be hard pressed not to think this was hard "metal looking plastic" rather than actual metal. Perhaps worse is that in addition to looking cheap and feeling cheap, it's also horribly unbalanced in your hand. The grip and tip have far too much weight compared to the ultra-cheap plastic body, and it just makes it feel awkward in your hand. Another thing, the plastic they used for the body is so cheap and unfinished that you can actually see lines and striations of some sort through it's surface. I'm sorry, but that just screams "cheap" to the discerning user.I realize this pencil isn't *that* expensive, but you have put into perspective that what you're getting for the premium is just a crappy metal grip/tip section that does more harm than good to an already cheap looking pencil. It makes it more awkward to handle, to write with just plain isn't worth the money. There are much, much nicer mechanical pencils, much less drafting pencils, that will do the job a lot better and for a lot less coin.Stay away from this, either switch brands or upgrade to one of Pentel's better offerings. These are bottom of the line and it shows.
outstanding photography and personal approach to describing each village.One distraction is that although there are maps throughout the book it was difficult to match the photograph with accompanying name of village to the map. I had to search and search all over the map to find where the village was located. Of course if the maps had been gridded (ex. village at F4 on map) it would not have been as artistic but a heckuva a lot easier.The book I read was the softcover version from the library and the binding was coming apart. A personal copy would probably be less stressed.
No matter how I tried, I could not enjoy this book. I love ghost towns, ruins, sequestered villages and have logged many travel miles to visit them. This book should have been right up my cobblestone alley. Unfortunately, it is a very boring read. There isn't much description of the town beyond everything is crumbling and rotting away, there is no glimpse into the village's hey-day so we really have no sense of loss, just a drawn-out, really dull account of the last few years of the town. It's like listening to someone on his deathbed moan and groan for days on end until you know it would be a mercy for him to die. There's just no atmosphere, no nostalgia, no--as I said--genuine sense of loss.To top it all off, the book is full of dumb cliches (some cliches ARE dumber than others), like &quot;I was staring death in the face&quot; or &quot;death was laughing at me&quot;, etc. I really wondered how this thing made it into print. There's no story, not a hint of humor, no characters that come off the pages, really nothing to get attached to. I couldn't even read it all the way through although its not even 150 pages long and the type is BIG. All I can say is if you enjoy forlorn places, as I do, and you enjoy history brought to life--or at least to art--you will be really disappointed with this one.
The kindle kindles hatred in my heart. I want to use the kindle for kindling. This "reading device" is bound to be obsolete and forgotten within a few years. It does nothing that my laptop can't already do. I dont want to lug around my laptop and the stupid kindle as well. I could have just brought along a paperback instead and saved myself about 390$. I dont read dozens of books at a time and I dont know anyone who does. The kindle has a very short battery life, and it doesn't display illustrations, graphs, footnotes etc. so really this device is pretty much useless. but if you have to have every new tech gadget that comes along be my guest -it will be gathering dust in your closet along with your segway and your hd-dvd player sooner than you think.
While the few other Coriolis Exam Cram books I have used have been of good to excellent quality, I discovered when only a few questions into the Server+ exam that this particular book was almost completely useless. I did pass the exam, but with little help from this book. There are numerous typos (is that GB or MB?), inconsistencies, and straight-out errors. The actual content is barely relevant to the onslaught of experience-based troubleshooting questions on the exam. I gave this two stars instead of one because I do recall a couple questions (out of an eighty question exam) where my studying in the book actually did help me. I hate to give a Coriolis book a bad rating, seeing as how they've always released quality products in the past, but this book is just terrible in comparison.
I purchased one of these based on Amazon reviews only. I don't get how 'great' this is from other reviews. To each his own I guess. This is basically a bag of grain. It feels like a 50/50 mix of sand and crunchy rice. Save yourself a few bucks, go the the closest farmers market in your area and buy a bag of desiccated rice. Fill a pillow case with it and try it out. That's what this pillow is. Other reviewers say the crunching noise isn't a problem. With all due respect, they must suffer from hearing loss. Every little move of the head generates crunching noise. I tried using it for about five minutes before giving up. Lastly, pray this pillow never breaks open in your house. If you think the bean bag chairs of the 70's were a nightmare when they broke open, this pillow will set new standards in household aggravation.
True confession: Like Becky Bloomwood, I am raging shopaholic and have been one since I got my first credit card back in my freshman year of college. And like Becky, sometimes my bills are in the scary range. Unlike Becky, I haven't stuffed my credit statements into a trashcan or written creative letters to my creditors. But I would love to romp through her closets!Now onto the book. Becky Bloomwood is a single Londoner who works in publishing (yes, another one of THOSE). She may officially write for a magazine on sucessful saving and money management, but she truly spends more time in the shops, at press functions and in the image warehouse with her best work buddy &quot;selecting&quot; graphics for their magazines issues.While on the way to a press function, Becky gets waylaid by a sale sign at her favorite (and exclusive) accessories store. Using her wiles and a wild tale to hunky Luke Brandon, Becky gets the scarf of her dreams. Well at least the scarf she dreams of for the moment.But having the perfect scarf doesn't mean her life is in balance. Her bank manager wants to meet with her about her overdraft and her creditors are howling at the door. Her terrific flatmate offers to help but Becky can't bring herself to take advantage of the situation. Instead Becky decides to &quot;cut back&quot; and spend less with disasterous results.Will Becky ever pull herself out of debt? Maybe. Will she find a boyfriend? Perhaps. Will she manage to come out on top at the end of the day? Yes.For anyone who loves Marian Keyes or Wendy Holden, Sophie Kinsella is a must have.
this movie was great--gripping--edge of your seat--I never would have guessed the ending--great story and fantastic acting....a must have
Just follow the money trail, the political bantering and incessant self-victimization (which always seems to lead into getting paid one way or another) and you'll see why the most powerful of the jewish lobby (yeah, I'm not afraid to say it) will still ENDORSE IT after it has been proven to be a complete fabrication.And they wonder why the "extremists" have so much credibility even before people look at all the facts. I've read this book and got a great laugh out of the rediculous claims, and the writings of a man obviously an older version of someone whom would be on the Jerry Springer show today if faced with a different self-victimization issue.I was already well informed this book was a fabrication in advance, so I can't say "I'm smarter than you all whom were fooled"...heck, even Elie "Weasel" fooled me the first two times around. Looks like his credibility is crap as well. I'mglad I have relatives that were on both sides of WW2; as camp munitions auditor, fitness/activity trainer (A Sergeant's job! He was denied citizenship in US but later came from Canada in about '80), a Luftwaffe infantryman whom both stayed at the conc camps, and himself taken POW when wounded in Belgium (yes many Luft Inf exist so stop emailing me, you don't know history) and a US liberator of Buchenwald...I'm glad REALITY doesnt match the whining stories of crybaby rich jews exiled after the war...so many millions of survivors all rubber-stamping eachothers stories about human soap and lampshades, all proven false by MAINSTREAM science. Like I said, follow the money trail...
"Ex Machina" is one of the best Star Trek books I have read in a very long time. Christopher L. Bennett sets the time frame of this book within the relatively untouched area of time after the events of Star Trek: The Motion Picture and before the events in Star Trek: The Wrath Of Kahn. Along with (finally) finding out what really happened to the V'Ger/Willard Decker/Ilia life form, Mr. Bennett also shows us what became of the Fabrini race of the Star Trek: The Original Series episode "For The World Is Hollow And I Have Touched The Sky". Mr. Bennett really knows his obscure Star Trek alien species, as well. Megarites, Betelguesians, Zaranites, Rhaandarites, Rigellians, Saurians, etc., all have sizeable and important roles in this novel (these aliens were only seen - blink and you'll miss them - in ST: TMP and Star Trek: The Voyage Home). You may want to brush up on your Star Trek: TOS episodic history a bit, for Mr. Bennett mentions events/characters that have been featured in many other Star Trek: TOS episodes. You may also want to consult the Star Trek: TOS novel series "The Lost Years" (especially the novel "A Flag Full of Stars") for characters/events mentioned in this book, as well. It is too bad that authors like Mr. Bennett are not writing for the latest incarnation in the ever-expanding Star Trek universe, Star Trek: Enterprise - Mr. Bennett could really take the Star Trek franchise to new creative heights.
Haggard was the first adventure fantasy writer and arguably the most prolific and the best. I first read these three stories over a summer in high school many years ago. I've re-read them so many times I've had to glue the book together with Elmer's glue. Read "She" again last week and just finished "Return of She", the entire book, in one night. Couldn't put it down. Some people (my kids) are turned off by the dated writing style of the "She" books and the way he handles dialogue, but Haggard adjusts his style to the material. "She", "Alan Quartermain", "Cleopatra", and "King Solomon's Mines" are written in different styles. I read Haggard because I am amazed at how he can draw you into the story and the characters. I know the story so well I can write it myself, yet I still become lost in it because it is written so well. The detail is amazing without being tedious. You begin to know the characters personally. When Quatermain decides to take his last safari after his son dies, you can feel what he is going through. I am an avid reader in all categories from quantum physics to poetry to science fiction and biographies and Haggard is in a class of his own. Anyone who enjoys adventure or wishes he/she had one will enjoy Haggard, especially these three books.
I use stickers as rewards for kids at work and when I look at a description that says LARGE ROUND stickers I expect what anyone would expect, something 2-3" in diameter. What I got was pages of stickers about the size of my thumb. They are cute but by no means are they LARGE.
I refused to see the theatrical release of this when I first heard of it .Because I knew there would be no way you can top a creepy idea like the original with Carol Kane .Now the origninal was a masterpiece in horror with the idea that someone is in the house calling the victim of course now days we have cell phones and caller ID and this simply cant happen .My suggestion is to rent first before you waste your money in owning this silly film .
I read a lot of books, and often I find myself thinking of things like what the cat's up to when really I should be paying attention to the words that are fleeing past my eyes. With this novel, Michel Faber has made me focus on every word. It is the most beautifully written novel I've read in a very long time, and my significant other can tell you how much of it I felt obliged to read aloud, just to share the beauty of the writing. The story is so deftly told that I felt as if I knew everyone involved, as if I really cared what happened. I was telling a friend about it just today, and it occured to me that the indignation I felt about some of the injustices in this book was just as real as if it had been a true story. I don't recall ever feeling as drawn in to a plot as I was with this superb book.
I'm really tired of hearing all the old-school Mup's fans dragging this album through the mud. Oh sure, it's different. Even 'slickly produced', if you had to. But... is 'different' a big surprise coming from Curt Kirkwood? I mean, the guy changes musical directions like Pete Townshend changes his mind. But, he almost never fails to bring a wonderful record to back up whatever his latest vision may be... and &quot;Golden Lies&quot; is no exception. Lots of other reviewers have hit the nail directly on the head concerning the individual tracks and overall sound, so I shant dwell on that too much. I can tell you this, though... it's an acquired taste. The record will not jump right out at you with it's indolent beauty all at once. Give it a few weeks.And try to forgive the band for the disappointing tour that followed this record's release. Blech.
I pieced together the series by purchasing both new and used copies. i can tell you it was was money well spent
Keith Lockhart has continued behind the heels of John Williams at the helm of the Boston Pops Symphony in extraordinary fashion since 1995. Anyone who has been privileged to see him conduct the orchestra can feel the enthusiasm he has for the orchestras's traditions and legacy- and for classical music. This theme certainly holds true for this CD. I always wanted a good set of songs for my 4th of July outdoor parties to help set the mood and this one delivers in grand style.All the "classics" one would expect to hear for the patriotic holiday are here: "The Star Spangled Banner" and "America The Beautiful" (the Tanglewood Festival Chorus singing the words to these two songs will give you chills), "The Overture of 1812" (I can almost "see" fireworks as BPO plays the finale), and "The Stars and Stripes Forever" (One cannot pass through the 4th of July without hearing one John Phillip Sousa song!!).The rest of the album is equally as entertaining with goodies such as "Boogie-Woggie Bugle Boy." Others will also rouse your patriotic fevor such as "Doodletown Fifers" (Fifes on the 4th? Of course!), and "America," (Paul Simon's wonderful song). One of my favorites is "With Voices Raised." The Boston Pops plays background as the Tanglewood Festival Chorus, The Boston Pops Choir, and the Boston Gay Men's Chorus sing and speak eloquent quotes from famous Americans as Abigal Adams, Martin Luther King, Walt Whitman, President John F. Kennedy, Fredrick Douglas, and Shirley Chisholm.I have collected five CD's that get playtime over Independence Day through the day and evening. Ever since I purchased "Splash of Pops," though, it seems to get a bit more airing each year. You'll be dazzled and feel proud, happy, and content everytime you listen to it.My only complaint with the import version of this CD is the price. The playlist is identical to the good ol' American RCA Victor CD, which is available at a substantially lower price.
Looking around for bands I think I'd like but never heard of before, I came across the New Young Pony Club. Their single, "Ice Cream" is included here. It, as well as so many other songs here, are eclectic bunch of funky post New Wave songs, in the vein of Franz Ferdinand. Very fun, dancy music, extremely electronic. Similar to Blondie, funkier than Berlin.I like this album collection a lot because it has such great music from bands I've never heard of before.For the record, my favorite "popular" music bands being Depeche Mode, Erasure, INXS, Soft Cell, Flock of Seagulls, OMD, Yaz, Sparks, Scritti Pollitti, Squeeze, Thompson Twins, Wham!, Nitzer Ebb, The Killers, and I've just recently discovered Beborn Beton and The Bravery.Volume 1 of this collection is also available on allofmp3 dot com.Walt D in LV
By now, its pretty clear the "$hrub" ain't the brightest guy in the world. The press tells us every day and Bush firmly backs it up most every time he opens his mouth.Whoever runs against Bush in 2004 could use this book to script a bunch of mudslinging ads that make up the "substance" of most elections these days. Over and over, this book tells us how stupid Bush is and how he favors the rich and lets people pollute. If you want to read a Bush-bashing book, this will fit the bill.Like the televised debates and most of the news media fodder on political issues these days, the intelligence of Bush is all but irrelevant (though the apparent lack of it doesn't help any) to the day to day or even long term strength and prosperity of the United States. Just because other candidates are probably intellectually superior to Bush doesn't mean much when they are all owned by the same companies seeking tax breaks, licenses to run sweat shops, "self regulation", and the freedom to dump any and all pollutants in somebody else's backyard.If you are interested in politics and the state of the US this is a book to consider reading, however, it exclusively airs the $hrub's dirty laundry and presents a very small part of the picture.To see a much more complete picture, pick up:"If The Gods Had Meant Us to Vote They Would Have Given Us Candidates" by Jim Hightower
Due to its multi-section arrangement, falling into three precise stages, this book feels like a well-paced coming-of-age novel, an impression buoyed by the fact that, to a degree that is unusual for politicians, Obama can actually write well. If you are looking for information on what policies Obama would support as a presidential candidate, you should look elsewhere. However, the book does give the impression that the writer is unusually forthright, both about himself and his beliefs.Watching Obama's attitudes on race evolve is one of the key points of interest in the book, and the reader comes away with a picture of a man who is both reflective and self-critical. It is somewhat apparent that the author was not running for office at the time the book was written, and yes, it (very briefly) mentions his now infamous flirtation with cocaine use. However, if you want to read a portrait of the man, if not his political platform, and interested in the struggles of someone growing up in between two different cultures, this book is well worth reading.
Some people may gripe over that their favorite character got only a small entry in the book but I was surprised at how complete this book was.Lets face it, unless DC reprints Who's Who you are not going to get a complete guide to the DC characters, this book is made to represent as many of their characters as they could. I enjoyed the entries about the lesser known characters and being given updates on some of the heros and villians I had followed but lost touch with.The DC Comics Encylopedia makes a nice gift for any comics fan.
Chuck Austen came into this story arc, claiming he would take the character "back to his roots," to the wisecracking, violent incarnation of Superman that dominated in the 30s and 40s. For some, this would be admirable, but when such a turn flies in the face of sixty years of character development, it looks more ridiculous than bold.Austen wrote two fill-in issues of Superman books before he started this regular gig. In both issues, a normal human character is introduced, bonds with Superman, and dies, causing Superman to begin brooding and questioning his role. In one of the issues, he goes after criminals with a fistful of wisecracks and a blatant disregard for human life, tossing inhabited cars into buildings and whatnot. That's not Superman, folks.Austen's Man of Steel reads like Spider-Man with a cape. He tells jokes, curses, constantly doubts his abilities, and acts in wholly uncharacteristic ways. Besides that, Austen's "plot" is plagued by too many attempts to look cool with no real substance. Gog and Doomsday attack over the course of the arc that begins with this TPB, and Superman gets repeatedly beaten, even by third-string villains like Weapons Master and no-string villains like the inexplicable Repo Man. The convoluted story makes no sense whatsoever, it does not have any sort of logical flow. Austen's writing fight scenes without cohesion or continuity.Oh, and just for fun, Austen decides to shake up Clark and Lois's marriage by divorcing Lana Lang and her husband, and portraying her as a desperate girl who can't get over her old high school crush, while simultaneously turning Lois Lane into a cold, jealous b*tch.The biggest shame of all of this is that Ivan Reis's fantastic art is wasted on such a terrible, terrible story.Austen can write, he proved that in the excellent maxi-series, "Superman: Metropolis." Unfortunately, his run on Action Comics lacked anything that made "Metropolis" good. Check your local comic shop for the 12 issues of that series (since I don't think they've ever been collected), and avoid this as if it were Kryptonite.
I really like this album, the only thing keeping me from giving it five stars is the sometimes overly cute mixing and sampling between the songs.A winner.
This is a great show and I'd recommend it but before purchasing on amazon check out TCL's website as it sells for 39.99. Even with the shipping charges it's cheaper.
I love a good joke. I wish I had the memory to be a good teller of jokes but I don't. Or I don't have the timing and delivery. There isn't anything really dirty about these jokes, most of them are older classics so no one should really be offended by them. If you are not easily offended by the language in any "R" rated movie, this is very easily digestible. I found myself laughing out loud several times reading through this. Some very funny stuff. You might be surprised that you have heard some of these jokes retold by friends or entertainers. Some are just antedotes. An enjoyable read. Let me give you several short examples: A man is really incomplete until he's married--then he's really finished. Trouble with being the Best Man at a wedding is you rarely get a chance to prove it. Women are the problem most men like to wrestle with. My favorite: The grade school principal dropped into the new 3rd grade teacher's room to see how she was adjusting to her first day of school. "There is one problem", she said "that little boy in the 1st row belongs in 2nd grade but insists on remaining here, and he's so smart I hate to send him back." "He can't be that smart" said the principal, "ask him something." The teacher called the boy forward and inquired, "What does a dog do on 3 legs that a man does on 2 legs and a lady does sitting down?" "Shakes hands" said the boy. "What has a cow got 4 of that I only have 2 of" she went on. "Legs" the boy replied. "What is a 4 letter word meaning intercourse?" she continued. "Talk" he answered. The teacher turned to the principal, "Well what should I do?"He drew her aside and whispered, "Better promote him to the 4th grade, I missed all 3 questions."
I've been using the Diamon Deb nail files for years when I could find them and I loved them. The quality now is not near what it used to be when they were made in the USA. :(
I've just finished the Farseer trilogy and decided to weigh in on the first book so everyone knows what they're getting into. This book was pure genius. The author goes through great pains to describe all of her characters, and does it by never shifting viewpoints from the main character! That means that you get first person perspective from the most important character in the series for all 3 books. There were some times when the character development dragged and seemed a bit excessive but in the end the vivid pictures she painted for them was well worth it. I found myself growing very attached to FitzChivalry and hoping he would eventually succeed. I've never seen such a "normal" hero in all of my time reading fantasy. Fitz isn't a large or strong man. He doesn't have the ability to shoot fireballs from his hands or light from his eyes. He cannot foretell the future. His unique ability is the special relationship with his wolf (known as the Wit) and his ability with the Skill. The full potential and capability of what one can do with the Skill is still a mystery to me. It was seldom used by Fitz in direct defense of his life and never fully mastered throughout the series. FitzChivalry was definetly the most unique protagonist I've ever read and this epic trilogy ranks in my top 3 favorite of all time.Hobb's strengths lie in her ability to make you empathize with her characters. I grew so deeply attached to them all and felt a strong longing for more after I sat the last book down. Fortunately the Tawney Man series is filling that void for me (the next trilogy involving the same characters - at least the ones that make it out alive). I warn you, this series will consume you once you pick it up. It will leave you yearning for even more information but it will not disappoint. It smacks of early George Martin (without the senseless destruction of all the characters you love) and makes Robert Jordan's work seem almost tepid. The only problem I had with this series is the actual binding of the book. I'd recommend finding a hard cover set, or even a kindle version of the trilogy because the cheap paperback reprints are bound so poorly that you nearly have to bend half the book all the way back to read some of the words in the fold (the words are not properly centered on the page and are so left justified that you have to put a lot of pressure on the spine to read first or last word of every sentence).
Overall 4 stars, this movie had much potential to be a classic but sluggish parts and some toned down important scenes eventually keep it from being a great. One of the actors looks just like Axel Rose and he acts like him too... David Hess is good and this film certainly has its moments, one of the better Italian horrors Ive seen
I recently moved to a new apartment and noticed various insects coming into the apartment from the window (yuck! Even those with many legs which look very hairy). Upon inspecting the window, I noticed gaps between the net and the base of the window. After shaking extensively the bottle for one minute, I applied it on the gaps. It is easily removable at first (before it dries and hardens).You have to be VERY gentle with the release trigger as it is very sensitive. It is also very important to have a screwdriver (or something very thin and long) so that you can clean the plastic "straw" so that the material won't dry inside.
Ok I suppose I am a bit biased because Zachary Smith is my father. I hope you all know he played lead guitar on this CD. I mean I grew up with this band. I was in the recording studo when probably some of this CD and &quot;the tape of only linda&quot; were recorded. I love this music. It has very interesting lyrics to analyze. Also Scott has an amazing voice. He has such a unique sound. Buy this album whoever hasn't.
Pins do not come in a box, they come in a baggie.Quality of pins are okay though.I would order again.
After watching the first 30 minutes of this film, I thought it was going to be a simple, elegant story of self-discovery and unrequited love. In many ways it was this, but it delivers a rather unexpected surprise in the process. It could be argued that the movie gets thrown off track a bit after these surprising events unfold, but that's exactly how it is in life, so I didn't mind. If you enjoy story lines that are obvious and include numerous explosions and gun battles, this is definitely not the movie for you. If, however, you like more subtle explorations of human psychology, then I recommend this film.
This book promised to be entertaining and was, somewhat. However, I found it depressing that she had to grope for platitudes and sentimental stories to find a meaning for life and death. IMHO, she missed out on the comfort of faith in Christ who lived a perfect life in our place, and died to give us heaven without us having to earn it by being &#34;good&#34; people. It ended up in my recycling bin.
I haven't been able to find this tea in awhile and am so glad I checked here on Amazon! This tea is soothing when served hot, and refreshing when steeped and poured over a cup of ice to make iced tea. I love it!
I had never heard of Charles Cochran before. But Bill Mays is someone who makes everything he touches quite special, if he is on a CD, I am all ears.The choice of music is stunning. The version of Johnny Mercer and Jimmy Van Heusen's, "I Thought About You" gets every milligram of emotion out one of the greatest songs ever written. The lyric was written as a tribute to Judy Garland.The last cut is also quite special, "Do you Miss New York". A beautiful lyric and it becomes a duet the last 30 seconds. Mays and Cochran make an endearing harmony and it ends the CD with a wonderfully wistful note. Bravo!!!!
okay, not entirely awful. Just really generic. I see a lot people here really like (or have liked) these guysat one point...and also seem to like Sum 41, Blink 182, Simple Plan, etc...all generic. You carelessly throw around the term hardcore, pop-punk, punk...none of this falls into those category.Look into bands like Screeching Weasel, the Queers, Anti-Flag, NOFX, Pinhead Gunpowder, Mr T Experience, White Flag, Operation Ivy (who later became Rancid, who later became, partially, the transplants) Catch 22, Snapcase, Bracket, Against All Authority, Hatebreed, and early Green day...when they were on Lookout! Records. (everything after that is just a rehashing of the same 3 chord progression with...and not in a traditional punk rock way)early Less Than Jake, Suicide Machines and more recently, the Blackouts (now Living in Blue)That, my friends, is good punk / pop-punk / hardcore.
Here's my advice: review the book's contents (you'll need to visit O'Reilly's site at http://www.oreilly.com/catalog/httptdg/). Do you need a complete understanding of the topics? If so, buy this book. Everything is clearly explained in detail, with the chapters on security and internationalization being especially good. Highly recommended!
The "Chicago Swing Fan" who complained below may do well to remember that Glenn Miller's never really was a swing band. Miller was foremost a businessman, and his orchestra played commercial dance music. Good dance music? Good big band music? Yes, I think so, but in terms of swing, he didn't hold a candle to Benny Goodman in his prime. Having said that, don't expect hot, jazzy swing from this CD. If you like the old Miller records, you'll love this CD. It was recorded sometime around 1990 by the current band going under the Miller name, and all in all, represents a tasty selection of holiday goodies in authentic Miller style. Occasionally, some of the arrangements sound bit more "modern" than anything Miller would have played in his lifetime, but the general feeling is there. The disc is well-recorded and has great sound. It's quite pleasant and makes a great accompaniment for decorating the tree, Christmas parties, driving around town, sipping egg nog--just about anything! When my original copy of this broke several years ago (yes, it shattered... don't ask how!) I quickly ordered another copy. This CD has become one of my favorite holiday recordings. And for the price, you can't go wrong. Recommended.
I bought this sander about 6 months ago and have used it on several projects ranging from composite board bookshelves, to an aluminum hot tub, to an Oak enclosure for the hot tub. It has really done well on everything. I would likely use a harder pad on Aluminum if I were doing a lot of it but the OEM pad was perfect for the hardboard and Oak. The sander cuts well and is balanced well enough to produce a nice flat surface or finesse a perfectly rounded edge.The 6" paper is harder to find than the more common 5" and you don't usually see the same kind of selection or volume discounts on it locally - although Grizzly does sell both in bulk. Hook and eye paper is a bit more expensive than sticky paper but it wears so much better, and I really like being able to use a disk half way and pull it off to use a different grit, then reuse it later.This is definitely not a detail sander and doesn't cut like a belt sander but it was a good tradeoff for me. The front handle is removable but really doesn't stick out enough to be a problem. I had a minor problem with the detachable handle getting loose but simply removing it completely and re-installing it fixed that. The threads may have been dirty. I tried a few similar sanders before buying this one. It isn't the brute that the Milwaukee is and it isn't as petite as the Hitachi. I needed something in the middle and opted for this one and it works. My shop has open sides so dust collection isn't usually an issue but a major failing on many sanders like this is the dust collection and I have to comment that the dust collection on this thing actually works very well and doesn't get in the way. It is a good tool.
I hate bad staplers and I really hate bad staple removers. I had a staple remover once that was awesome, but it finally wore out because most of it was made of plastic with just the metal tip to remove the staples.So I bought some other staple removers and they were terrible. Either the metal tip was too thick, or it wasn't shaped properly and would rip the paper when removing staples.I saw this one and tried it and I love it! It got a workout the other day when I had to go through a file so I could scan it. There so many staples to be removed! The thing worked like a charm!!Now I have some at the office and have one for home! Staples beware!!The only think I would change about this device would be to have a rubber or plastic thicker handle on it. But other than that, this staple remover is perfection, and it looks as if it will last forever!
Buy this movie because you will want to watch it again. I got few very funny movies and this one is one of them...I don't regret getting it. I also bought Tropic Thunder DVD, Paul DVD, Rat Race DVD and more, you can check my reviews for ideas. Have fun!
I've played the series since FFOne for the SNES. They were good. All of them were good until I played FFT for the PSOne. The game was hard. I'm a regular game player. Not avid, but a regular joe. The learning curve was unbelievable. There was so much to learn. I felt asleep just trying to complete the tutorial. I didn't like it as much.Now that this version came out. It's more simplified for average guys like me. I'm still playing it. It's a good games for the average game player. Loyal Final Fantasy Tactics fanatics might be disappointed, but I like it.
Bought one of these from Pep Boys and had it for years till it broke. Couldn't find anymore until I finally found them here at Amazon. Best ever squeegee. Works great on glass. Also works great to squeegee off the whole car after you've washed it. Hardly any need to towel dry it after that.
In "Alexander Hamilton," Chernow has written a masterful biography. Long overlooked as one of the most influential figures in the developmental stage of the Republic, Ron Cherhow tackled the task of sketching Alexander Hamilton's life superbly. Unlike many of the other founders, namely Franklin, Washington, Jefferson, or Adams, relatively little has been writing about Hamilton. Frankly speaking, however, Hamilton played as great a role in the development of this country when compared to some of the names listed above.Chernow expends much energy elucidating Hamilton's very close relationship with General Washington which started during the Revolutionary War and extended up until Washington's death shortly after his presidency ended. During his presidency and after, Washington both confided in Hamilton and took counsel from him, thus solidifying Hamilton's position as the foremost advisor in Washington's cabinet. This fact alone elevates Hamilton to almost preeminent status.Furthermore, Chernow describes the politics of the period, specifically how Hamilton's promotion of a national banking system and other Treasury functions led to the formation of the party system. Most notably, a continuing theme throughout the book deals specifically with Hamilton's role as founder of the federalist party and how he constantly feuded politically and personally with Jefferson, Madison, and Monrow as founders of the Republican party of the time.With regard to this topic and Hamilton's politics in general, Chernow has defended Hamilton much to vociferously. Instead of telling the story of Hamilton's life, Chernow has taken on the ardor of an apologist. For eaxample, during his life, Hamilton was repeatedly painted (either appropriately or inappropriately) as a monarchist by his political enemies. Chernow has spent a considerable amount of space attempting to debunk this notion. However, in the final pages of the book Chernow himself admits that Gouverneur Morris, Hamilton's eulogist, worried aloud in his own diary that Hamilton "was on principle opposed to republican and attached to monarchical government." This is not to say that Hamilton did in fact harbor outright anti-republican and anti-constitutional feelings. In fact, to the contrary, Hamilton's greatest fear on behalf of the new nation was a secessionist movement perpetrated by Republicans in the South or other politcally malevolent factions. That said, however, from time to time Hamilton did express skepticism and other less-than-confident feelings with regard to the newly ratified Constitution. Though he worked tirelessly with Madison and John Jay in publishing the Federalist essays in the New York papers, Hamilton did not share Madison's nor Jefferson's absolute intrepidity with regard to the document.Finally, the epilogue of Chernow's book specifically covers Eliza Hamilton and her life post-Hamilton's death. It seems entirely appropriate that the summation of a book about Alexander Hamilton is dedicated to his wife. Here was a woman who ardently supported her husband even after he had been forced to sheepishly broadcast to the world his marital indiscretions with Maria Reynolds. Furthermore, one cannot help but think compassionately of Eliza and her seven children as Chernow describes that fateful morning at Weehawken, New Jersey on the banks of the Hudson River. Chernow's chapter on "The Duel" was supremely written and as captivating as any climax to any novel ever written. Yet as I sat reading it, I could not help but think of Eliza and how oblivious she must have been to her husband's impending death.Chernow's "Alexander Hamilton" is an incredible book even if it is interjected with somewhat less of an even-handed approach to the protagonist's life. It is highly readable and flows wonderfully.
The author said that with a few translations of keystrokes one could use Mac and this book. Not so easy...This is frustrating, because I'm not sure what other book might actually teach the Mac version of version 3. There are a lot of very specific techniques in this book, and it's not a bad reference, but it certainly left this Mac user very frustrated and looking for another source.
Didn't even take this map on my trip. Not as useful as the map included with purchase inside Frommer's Toronto 2011. Since laminated, might be useful if caught in the rain without an umbrella.
This has got to be one of the worst movies ever made.I feel like i was ripped off even though i only paid a dollar to rent it.Please rent it first before you even think of buying it.I have not reviewed anything on amazon in a long time.But this movie was so bad i felt like i had to write a review.
This new Keith Urban CD is just great, even better than all the others, if that's possible. His tracks are full of emotion, sensitivity, good beats, great lyrics and Keith Urban's singing is as gorgeous as ever. I highly recommend this CD to any Keith Urban or country music fan.
The FACT is that Dr Francis A. Schaeffer continues to be one of the GREATEST MINDS of the 20th century. Period.Those who admit this and then try to pretend to disagree with some of his works &quot;I found faults&quot; or &quot;it wasn't quite writen well enough&quot; win only hoots of laughter.They haven't got the intellectual capacity to tie his shoes and their attempts to play Judge on Schaeffer is as funny as the &quot;Judges&quot; of Jesus or Socrates!!BUY the books and learn from them.You'll NEVER get a better work outside of the Holy Bible.
This is a great book but needs to be digested slowly. Han Urs Von Balthasar is a fantastic theologian but not a "light read" by any stretch of the imagination. Take your time and you will reap tremendous rewards.
If you want something difirent from the usual hardcore &amp; metalcore sound in the likes esocharis,incubus, and,candiria get burnt by the sun's &quot;soundtrack to the personal revolution&quot; im shure you will enjoy this album like i did! Basically all the songs are great specialy &quot;dracula with glasses&quot; my fav track here...Buy it now!
come together to make the best jazz cd of 2005 and I rate it only 4*'s. That's how mediocre jazz releases have become in the past year. Sly and Fall Forward are actually outstanding tracks (go download them on i-tunes for 99 cents each-burn them on cd then rip them to .mp3 files-voila! they're yours). Other top Jazz CD's for 2005 are of course Flipside by Jeff Lorber, Soel's-Memento (don't sleep on this) andd King Britt's Chicago (not NY) Chill Suite-"On the Seventh" which is actually elevator music for the Hyatt Hotel chain. Also, keep an eye out for something called Black Gold Massive in MAY-they have loose ties to "Down to the Bone". Let's hope the state of jazz improves in the coming months-peace....
I'd say from reviews of this story that Silver Nemesis is one of those Dr Who tales you either love or hate. For the record, the story involves a living metal which was sent into orbit by the Doctor, but which crashes to Earth in the late twentieth century. Its arrival heralds the appearance of the Fourth Reich, the time-travelling medieval Lady Peinforte, and the Cybermen. Okay, so this episode has some pretty silly concepts (anything orbitting the Earth with a decaying orbit would not take 25 years to go round, the Cybermen are too weedy for words - military weapons fail to penetrate their armour, yet a gold-headed arrow can do so easily (gold being a soft metal) and the way the Doctor escapes the guards in the castle just defies camp comedy). But why can't people just enjoy this for what it is - three episodes of entertaining, sci-fi escapism. The action is fast-paced, the story is filled with interesting characters, there are plenty of humorous touches and the music is great. This video also contains the making of Silver Nemesis, which is a bonus.
After having read a good number of books in the &quot;Franken vs. O'Reilly&quot; genre, I found Brock's book engrossing not just because of the politics involved, but because the story seemed so deeply personal and honest. I couldn't put it down.
Got through about 150 pages, but the story was just a bit too far fetched for my tastes. The reading went easy enough, but the "Star Chamber" theme has been overdone and seemed almost silly. Couldn't finish the book.
I think you could probably make the correct assumption 99% of the time that if you hear someone make the claim that Freemasonry is somehow tied to the Knights Templar, that claim is being made by a Freemason.Maybe's, possibly's, it is likely, not inconceivable, not beyond the realm of thought..... Everything is true when you can condition it. It's a pity no one who writes books on freemasonry/templars bothers to either read, or at least reference in any detail, Malcom Barber or Stephen Runciman, the most learned templar/crusad scholars of the 19th and 20th century. In fact, Mr. Barber, whose knowledge of the Templars far suprasses Knight, Lomas, Pickett, et al, has acknowledged that there is a nice little cottage industry of Templarism--which is a product of the innuendo, speculation and supposition.Does anybody who writes about this Templar/Freemason connection bother to point out that just about 99 % of the Templars couldn't read or write? That Jaque de Molay, the last grand master, couldn't read or write and required assistance with any document that was presented to him during his inquisition and trial? What do you think these illiterate folks found and then tried to keep secret for all these years? I'm sure the sheep who follow this stuff will probably find this review not helpful, but do yourself a favor, open your eyes and put out the consiparcy garbage and read Malcom Barber's The Trial of the Templars; The New Knighthood : A History of the Order of the Temple and Stephen Runciman's History of the Crusades (It is pricy and 3 volumes, but it is acknowledged as the finest piece of work detailing the crusades). If you want to at least be honest with yourself and not cast your lot with revisionist history, read Barber
Vangelis created the mood and sound of Blade Runner. This CD captures that perfectly (except for the rather out of style &quot;one more kiss dear&quot;- what was that there for?)
The cover of this album is strikingly similar to the cover of the Flower Kings' "The Rainmaker." And the male vocalist in track #4 sounds just like Roine Stolt. The churning heavy guitars bring to mind The 3rd And The Mortal while the swirling keyboards and melodic interludes mimic the Flower Kings. Does this give a clue as to the major influences here? Indeed, this is excellent heavy Prog rock which sounds like a cross between the Flower Kings and The 3rd And The Mortal. This is by far the heaviest White Willow album to date and whether you prefer it over Willow's previous efforts is simply a matter of taste. In my opinion, this is a vast improvement over the overrated previous album "Sacrament" which I found to be too slow and plodding and too lacking in variety to maintain my interest. Being a headbanger at heart, I like the new heavier direction. This album is full of all the elements I like about Progressive Rock: great singing, interesting, non-cliched thought-provoking lyrics, lots of variety, oodles of mellotron, great melodies, sweeping, grand, bombastic arrangements, a dark melancholy feel, and of course those wonderful heavy guitars. It ranks right up there with "Ex Tenebris" as my favorite White Willow album.
I decided to read this book out of curiosity's sake. I wish I hadn't bothered. I don't think Colbert really understands what FM or CFS really are, nor does he really understand the best way to treat these illnesses. While diet changes certainly help many, it is not the be-all and end-all in treating these illnesses.
First of all, I really loved my perculator in the beginning and still would, except it has developed rust only in the heating ring element in the bottom of the coffee maker. It's not coffee stains it's rust. Otherwise it heats it perfectly and makes great coffee no matter the brand.Since I don't know what the long term effects of using it with rust, I opt for a different brand.
This was my first book on filmmaking howto, and i don,t regret it. This is a general introduction to film making, covering both traditional 16-35 mm mediums and video. It's out of date if you're looking for references to all the latests video hd tech, but a nevertheless very worthwhile.
Say what you want but Donna Richardson is a great motivator, great instructor and the exercises work! This four day rotation isall a person needs when they are looking to supplement their fitness routine or are looking for a quick workout on those busy (or lazy) days.There are four sections(abs, buns, arms and thighs) each section has its own warm-up and cool down and traditional exercise routines that will effectively tone each body part.Donna is full of energy always encouraging anmd motivating you and she has such a down to earth feel that the exercises are not even a chore.This is an excellent video to add to your library and is worth every penny.
This game had a lot of hype before it was released and it lives up to it.Both single player and multiplayer are awesome. The sound is incredible and the graphics are the best that will put out by the XBOX.The best part of this game for me is to play CO-OP Campaign on Legendary with a buddy. Nirvana.
The Complete Bike Book falls short of the book's title. The book is lavishly illustrated with color photos on virtually every page. As an informal treatment on the subject of bicycling, it does an average job. While the book tries to cover everything from road biking to mountain biking, the information is scarce and only provides thumbnail glimpses of each topic that is covered. Most of the photographs seem rather dark and underexposed. This may be a result of the publisher not keeping an eye out on quality control. This book is rather expensive and thin. For the price of this book, you would probably do better to purchase &quot;Richard's 21st Century Bike Book&quot; which does a much better job of covering bicycling.
First of all, I wasn't expecting very much from this movie. I just thought it would be mildly entertaining, like Troy, or Charlie's Angels, or any one of the James Bond movies. Not life changing, but entertaining. Indeed, all I was looking for was a shallow action movie. Now, I have no idea how they managed to do it with a perfectly good action movie topic like Alexander the Great, but it was incredibley boring.First of all, the dialogue is awful. And when I say awful, I mean AWFUL. Why is it awful, that's kind of hard to describe. People just randomly arguing with eachother every second for no reason in particular except to add to the drama. As well as this, everything sounds incredibly awkward. no matter what the context. It's strange that in any James Bond film, M can say to Bond that he needs to kill so and so or else the White House will get nuked and make it sound just fine when Alexander can't say "I wanna conquer India" without sounding like a socially awkward teenager. The acting sucks too, but even an Oscar winning actor would sound awful with this script.Second of all, the plot is unbearably slow. Battle scenes seldom occur, and basically nothing happens. He gets married, there are flashbacks that show when his dad was killed, he argues with his troops, nothing all that exciting. Normally I wouldn't mind bad dialogue and acting in this sort of a film if there were good battles, but there aren't any. As opposed to dramatically conquering India or any other place, it just has the narrator say so instead of it actually being shown.If you want a fun action movie, don't waste your time on this, there are plenty of other options.
This is a great backpack for college!It has pockets for everything and my 17in. laptop fit in the laptop part perfectly. I used it all 5 years in college, and it's still in great shape. So I definitely recommend it for college student or anyone who has to carry things around a lot like college students.
When I first heard about "2012" prior to it's release, I thought "Ooh geez, here comes another doomsday piece of quackery." When I saw the previews, and learned that Roland Emmerich was the director, well, it all made sense. Of course the visual effects in the trailers were awesome, but I didn't feel like buying into the 2012, end of the world story line. I'd thought Emmerich had been a tad heavy handed with "Day After Tomorrow" and so I avoided "2012" at the box office and waited for "Avatar."After seeing "2012" on Blu-Ray, I admit I was wrong. If you just suspend disbelief a little bit, sit back, and allow yourself to be entertained, this film will not disappoint. No mistaking here, willful suspension of disbelief is necessary. There are just too many close calls, near misses, and coincidences to take the film on anything but a surface level. But, if you allow yourself to be drawn in to the eye popping special effects, the incredible depth of detail in the CGI rendering of destruction, the wry sense of humor, you can actually have a pretty good time with this movie. My son said he can't wait for this film to be turned into some kind of ride at Universal Orlando.It IS a long movie, and the characters are paper thin, with a plot that hangs on a thread of scientific information. But, it doesn't FEEL long, you become invested in the characters, and the science begins not to matter. In fact, the film's pace moves along quite nicely. And though the characters are thin, you do "root" for John Cusack to succeed in saving his estranged wife, resentful son, and precocious daughter. Heck, halfway through you even begin rooting for the wife's boyfriend to survive! How the film resolves itself is actually a bit of a surprise (if it hasn't been spoiled for you elsewhere). I actually think that the marketing of the film did a disservice. If more of the character driven moments had been shown in the previews, I probably would have bit on seeing the movie in a theater.And so, there is an entertaining plot with interesting characters, lot of really excellent visual effects, and a satisfying ending. It even survives multiple screenings. The Blu-Ray 2 disc special edition includes a few deleted scenes, an alternate ending (too much suspension of disbelief required), and a variety of behind the scenes featurettes. I think it's a good value.I do have to mention that the U.S.S. John F. Kennedy aircraft carrier was retired from active duty several years ago, and therefore would not be at sea, in a position to tumble into the White House as a tsunami wipes out Washington in 2012. Having said that, I must humorously add that Danny Glover's President Thomas Wilson had the entirely wrong line as he looked up to see the ship coming. He should have said, "I'm too old for this s#$t!" (Not knocking Danny Glover's performance - just thinking that the call back to "Lethal Weapon" was dying to be used)
Our hamster didn't like this nearly as much as he does the ball, it does look cool, but for actual use, I would just go with the ball!
I had some problem getting the pieces to snap together properly. It still works but the separate pieces don't make a perfect seel with each other. Other than that... its a broom, what do ya expect?
I always had problems rubbing in the shampoo and rinsing it all off with a large cup, dog squirming around the bathtub trying to get away from me. Well not anymore! It really could not be any easier... pull the trigger to get wet, push the button for shampoo, and then rinse....my dog even, dare I say - enjoys it, and lays there like he is getting a spa treatment! Now if only drying him was this easy! Highly recommend!*(I don't know why the title says hose not included, but mine came with one)
Continuing in the direction set by &quot;John Henry&quot;, TMBG has never sounded more like a full band than in this album. While &quot;Factory Showroom&quot; sounded a little half-hearted, &quot;Mink Car&quot; is full-blown TMBG. You will grin, laugh, and generally bop to the sounds in this album.Everything in this album has a polish that is worthy of a top studio effort, from the numerous guest musicians to the detailed liner graphics, even as the songs peck at genres as diverse as hip-hop and disco. Without the hilarious lyrics, for example, a casual listener might mistake &quot;Man, It's So Loud In Here&quot; for a Pet Shop Boys B-side. Production values have never been so high for this band of &quot;John's&quot; and &quot;Dan's&quot;. The credits even dutifully thank the microphones that were used for the recording sessions, microphones that they surely could not have afforded earlier in their career. This obviously high-budget approach is especially apparent next to the raw sound of &quot;Lincoln&quot; which now sounds like it was funded by several weeks of mac-and-cheese dinners and mixed in their basement.Mind you, I love the unpolished sound of the early TMBG albums, but I have no doubt that this charm was serendipity at its best and could never be replicated again with John and John's new-found popularity and growth as song writers. &quot;Factory Showroom&quot; was puberty. Welcome to TMBG's adulthood. Don't worry, they have not lost their sense of humor.Listening to this album feels like reuniting with your fun-loving 25 year old cousin whom you last saw when he was 10.
and Olympia Dukakis. But this is one of my favorite movies. It is very moving to see her come into her own and I could totally relate. It is romantic, emotional, heart-wrenching, heart-warming and very funny in places.
Laahoven and Aarts, particulary Aarts, made a great stuff in heuristic reference book. Even though Simulated Annealing (SA) has long history but there is no work as complete as this book. Don't let the publication date fools you, 10 year book stills as good as yesterday for its comprehensive and the story of SA. Even though Aarts edits several books and papers after this book, they are far different from this solid SA book. I don't have this book though, just read it from Library loan. It's a sad story for this book is out of print. I wish the publisher will have it for you soon.
I didn't find the story interesting at all. I read this book because the story outline looked appealing and because of the warm review. I was disappointed. The story has not much substance and it is loosely-knitted.
This item arrived with very good instructions and the appropriate hardware. It was easy to assemble and works better than I expected. I am thoroughly satisfied with this product. As a side note, the instruction sheet included warranty information and a phone number to contact customer service in case there were any missing parts. This product came in an Everlast box and was promptly shipped. I don't understand why people who buy products outside of Amazon can criticize those products here - this is to review not only the product, but the product supplied by Amazon - the Amazon "experience." Don't be misled, this is a good product that has all the necessary consumer support to ensure a positive experience.
* Here are the good things about this book+ You get 15% discount when u buy the voucher.+ Lot of pictures, so beginners won't be scared reading it.+ Lot of EASY exam questions in the text book.+ Text font is huge...I like it.* Here are the bad things about the book+ The material is written only 50% toward the MCDST 20-271 exam. What this means is that you will gain a better understanding on how to use Windows XP after reading this book, BUT NOT TO PASS THE TEST.+ This book is more written to answer the question HOW, but NOT "WHAT IF."+ 50% or more questions on the practice exam are extremely confusing. This includes wordiness, unnecessary text, extremely long sentences and irrelevant subjects, objects, including the user in question, what is he doing, what does he want.+ Most questions are 2-3 paragraphs with 5-6 sentences in each. Yet, the paragraph is so confusing and pointless that you will not even understand the question, not even talking about how to answer it.+ More than 60% of the answers on the practice exam actually come from real hand on experience and not from the book. You will not find the answers for the practice exam from the book.+ The practice exam on the CD have VERY small font size. I have to increase my display setting DPI to 200% just so I can read it. This is ridiculous.+ The practice exam on the CD is buggy, I can't even print the questions and results of the test, even the option to print is available.**** The conclusion+ Buy the book anyway, you get 15% discount price on the test+ The book has more than 311 practice questions. Answering them will help you understand the material more. Of course, this means you must read another beneficial book before reading this book.+ ... And that's pretty much it.
This book, like most written and portraying Hurricane Katrina, leads the reader to the conclusion that New Orleans is the only area devastated thereby. For anyone's information, New Orleans was on the West, or weak, side of Katrina. New Orleans was flooded because: 1) elevation there is about 7 feet BELOW sea level and 2)their levy system has NEVER been built to withstand cat 3 or greater storms. EVERY drop of rain that falls in New Orleans has to be pumped out, one way or the other. If the citizens of New Orleans had put more money into improving their levy system instead of the SuperDome, they might very well be living in dry and undamaged homes today instead of morning their dead and trying to put their city back together. New Orleans will be rebuilt someday and I hope and pray that they have learned and benefited from this disaster and won't make the same mistakes again. If you want to read and look at a balanced book coverning Hurricane Katrina, this isn't it.
This is just another one of those dumb, boring, and lazy memorization courses that doesn't have a clue about teaching a language.The first lesson is basics, which only teaches things like, I, you, her, him, and we. Not much else. From there they figure you are now fluent in French so lesson 2 goes into transportation words and phrases. The next 14 lessons do the same thing, picking a topic and just rattling off a bunch of phrases, once in English then twice in French, before going to the next phrase.In some of the later lessons of Level 2 they do go into some more basic things but these should have been covered way at the beginning. You will be so frustrated within the first few lessons of Level 1 that you will never make it this far. If you do, there is no reason for them to go into these basics as their method is simply to memorize phrases.Another bad thing they do is use wrong translations. In some of the lessons they want you to say "Excuse me" which in French is "Excusez-moi". However, they keep translating it in French to "s'il vous plat" which means "please". Two totally different words. It is hard to do a course when you have to keep wondering what words they are teaching you are wrong and which are correct.I have to agree with the other reviewers who said this is nothing but someone reading out of a dictionary with no teaching, memory aids, pronunciation help, conversation, or grammar.The only thing this course will do is make you hate learning a language.If you want a good basic introduction into French, try "French in No Time".
Very attractive motion detector light for the front door. Easily installed and has worked with no problems. Make sure you have some weathproof caulk to seal around the base of the light, to keep rain and bugs from the inside of the base.
Michael Gira should be bigger than most of his contemporaries. In fact, he should have hit it big with Swans years ago for creating a truly original, unrelenting sound. However, it is an indisputable fact that the mainstream prefers a watered down, easily accessible sound as opposed to music that is actually challenging. Gira's one and only major label release, The Burning World, proved to be a commercial failure. In many ways, The Angels of Light continue down the path that The Burning World opened up. And while Swans explored the depths of different textures of sound, The Angels of Light strips everything down to the most basic and intimate levels. With that said, Gira has become a fine singer/songwriter.
The title of this review refers to all the ways a fire can be described in a few pages of a book...however, as cheesy as it seems, this was actually a really good book. I liked the author's style. Of course, sometimes the geography section of any true crime book can be a little slow. You can always feel free to skim those parts and get to the nitty gritty of the crimes. I think the prosecution did not prove their case and I guess I have to read the other account written on this Olivia Riner arson mystery. I don't feel the author was too slanted towards one side or the other. I think she was innocent too. You should never assume a foreigner can understand their Miranda rights without help from a translator or an attorney of their own. This is like the Amanda Knox case in that she was subjected to a foreign jury system without much help in the beginning. Both women were trying to be helpful to the other country's police and got in way over their heads.
This is a very complete operating system with a large library of free software. I had no trouble installing it (setup detected all my hardware on an IBM Thinkpad A20m), but was very frustrated at first with the interface. The documentation is difficult to read, and this is not for beginners.After a few days of using Linux, I've found that I can do everything I need to do with it, and even run my windows programs on it. However, it took the better part of a day for me to understand how to configure things. The GUI they start you off with is terrible but by changing a few settings it becomes very functional and friendly.
This is one of the rare books that I could not even finish. Very inaccurate and it seems as if it was one more outlet for Mr. Pacheco to toot his own horn some more. I do not want to go into all of the mistakes but please do not read this and think that you have learned anything.
I got one at a major bath & home store, went back the next day for several more. Four brown dress pants on one hanger. Four black/grey dress pants on one hanger. You save space, and the visual organization is really helpful. Also the shirt hangers that let you put several hangers downward in sequence (same brand different item) - the type with independent hangers you "hook" together are less awkward than the type with five blouse hangers built solid into one rack.
Everyone loved the dip, which is from the recipe on the package. Will order again.
Diana Wynne Jones is a writer who deserves to be better known and more widely read in the USA, and this is surely her most complicated, subtle book. It is not a young child's book nor a read-aloud one; and it is not for the person looking for a straight-ahead story of sorcery and adventure. It is the sort of book that needs a reader who is willing to do some of the work: for example by not just rushing by the quotes at the head of each chapter but reading them and thinking how they might relate to the plot; noticing how the book is structured and taking that as a hint; and so on. Read the other reviews and see how much those who did loved the book -- even though they were still confused by the ending.In my opinion, Jones has asked too much of her readers. There is work that the reader just can't do (or I couldn't) to fill in the gaps. This would be a better (but longer) book if she had filled in some of the gaps; made some of the emotional transitions more understandable; given explanations for some of the weird things that are never explained. (Like: is the picture really changed, or is it Polly's perceptions that are changed?)And there's no word for the ending but "confusing" and that's hard to forgive in a writer as good and as experienced as Jones. It reads to me as if she had a deadline and just finished the dang chapter somehow to get it out. The imagery is baffling; the rules of the contest are baffling; the final result is baffling (is Laurel still alive? Can Polly and Tom now be friends or not? is Leslie free now? &c.;) and there is no emotional payoff, no resolution of the emotional tension between Polly and the other characters.Despite this, I give it 4 stars because of all the really good things in it. Polly is a gallant and clever person to live with. There's lots of subtle humor (like Polly at age 11 setting out to make herself a hero). The whole issue of how Polly deals with her flawed and unreliable parents is told with immense sympathy and power. And so on. Just don't expect to understand the ending...
5 stars isn't enough for this album. This and Insomniac more the first Green Day albums i bought, but nothing is as good as nimrod. A lot of other Green Day albums have good material, but no other album has ever given me the feeling that Nimrod gives you. This is the only album i ever bought where it takes a whole-year of listening to the album for the songs to get old.
First of all the prints are lousy for book 1 looks like 16mm prints to dvd.Too bad this great series has been edited with lousy digital transfer.episodes 5 and six look faded in color and sound is muffed. Why are these episodes edited?, the Robert Reed nude scene as brief as it was was cut out of this release I have a region 2 copy to prove it. In the scene where he is seducing Susan Blakely and Nick Nolte and his buddy are watching Reed Through the windows pouring a drink naked.The scene where he passes a table and goes up stairs is fully cut from this version you could see part of his willie and pubes as well a part of his butt going up the stairs, why would they cut this tiny little segment out, makes no sense but now am i getting a censored version of the mini series. very pissed off I am glad I have region 2's version.It a shame we have too put up with bad prints when you know a negative exists that they can remaster.
I just went and saw this with my ten year old boy. I wasn't a fan of the TV serial since I don't go in for marionettes but this film was very good.The basic story is about the youngest son who wants to join in on the family business of rescuing people. He and his two closest friends get their chance when the Father and 4 older brothers are attacked by a super villain known as 'The Hood' (Ben Kingsley) and need rescuing themselves.I liked this movie. It had a few lessons to teach about earning your way (no shortcuts) and being loyal. The only parts that disappointed me were a couple of "man-bashing" references during the film that seemed petty and inappropriate. Is anybody else fed up with that kind of stuff?Overall though, I give this a big thumbs up as a family film that had excitement, adventure and even some good laughs. Take your kids, I think you'll all like it.Recommended.
At last a first rate anthology of the recordings the Small Faces made on Immediate Records .Fifty glorious , uncompromising pop songs recorded between 1967 - 1969 , influenced by R&B; , soul , folk , psychedelia , music hall , and seasoned with a bit of English eccentricity was certainly a magic formula , but add to that the great white soul voice of Steve Marriot , and you had a band in a league of their own . Songs such as Tin Soldier , Lazy Sunday , and Itchycoo Park are classics of course , but after a few plays of this double cd you`ll soon realise that there are many more hidden gems and classics waiting to be discovered .The remastering is excellent , - it`s almost like hearing these tracks for the first time again , and the foldout booklet that comes with this release only reinforces the fact that this is the definitive anthology of their Immediate recordings ( by a country mile ) .A release that for once does justice to this great band . Sadly , this hasn`t always been the case .
This was a purchase I thought about for a long time, not sure if I would use it to full advantage. I'm still not sure I will, but it's a beautiful new toy/working tool, and now that I've had it for a month, I wouldn't want to be without it.I'm a digital artist, and I already had an Intuos3 tablet for a couple of years, which I adore. It sits on the keyboard ledge beside my led lit gamers' keyboard (I don't play games; I just like that it's lit and doesn't have the number keypad). I needed to replace my old CRT monitor, and after much looking decided to go for this Cintiq.I've only got one issue at this point: When the Intuos3 is directly in line with the Cintiq, the mouse jitters badly. Move the Intuos a foot to either side, and there's no problem. On the night when the Cintiq arrived, I called tech support (who BTW, was very patient, knowledgeable, friendly, and spoke perfect American English) to help me with the setup, and he said once I got my workspace configured the way I wanted it, I could call back, and they'd try to resolve the jitter issue.So for now, the Cintiq sits above the keyboard, smaller LCD to the right, and Intuos3 on a little table to the right of my chair. When I use PhotoShop, Painter, etc., my canvas is on the Cintiq, and the controls are on the other LCD screen. I'm still relying on the Intuos3 mostly for painting with my pens (I have 2 Grip pens because one came with each tablet, a Classic pen which I bought because of its small barrel that fits well in my small hand, and the Art pen), but in areas that call for precise brush strokes, I lean forward and paint directly onto the Cintiq. The brush behaves just a tad differently on each of the two tablets, so occasionally I'll need to reset the brush parameters, but maybe that's just me. I'm still trying to decide what kind of workspace setup I need to best utilize all my tools, but as far as the Cintiq goes, it's responsive and even clearer than my other monitor. Once it was synchronized with the pens, there's no problem whatsoever with brushes in relation to the canvas, but then I'm used to using a tablet as my mouse pad for everything, including browsing the net, and I think not being used to a tablet may be the problem for some who try the Cintiq. I'd like to have it laid flatter and placed like Jeremy Sutton's with the Cintiq on a low table so that I can use it more like an actual canvas, but I might have to give up some of my other elements, so we'll see how things evolve.I gave it 5 stars because the Cintiq is everything it's supposed to be, and any issues relate to my personal setup and preferences.
I bought this book expecting a dictionary which would give equivalents of various lexical items throughout the Indo-European language family, with representation from at least one language from each branch. Instead, what we have here is a book whose title SHOULD have been &quot;Dictionary of English word equivalents in Germanic and Greek&quot;. About 95% of the &quot;Indo-European&quot; explained here comes from these languages. Next in frequency is Latin.There are only a handful of references to Celtic, Sanskrit and Russian (only very basic and obvious correlations for the latter), plus only one Iranian word I could find. Armenian? Albanian? Tocharian? Baltic? Anatolian languages? Hah, forget it!This book can only be recommended to those people interested in English or Germanic word origins, rather than those interested in a truly balanced overview of Indo-European. For everything else it is totally inadequate.
The Sony Dream system is perfect for consumers that want a good sound quality...but don't feel like shelling out mega-bucks for a home theater system. Like the earlier reviewer mentioned, you get what you pay for. One dislike that I have is that the changing from disc to disc seems to take an extended amount of time. Also, there really is no way to tell which disc is in which slot...unless you fumble through all of them to find the movie, or audio disc that you are looking for.Good system for the money.
I just bought 2 more of these for my digital camera and am continually impressed by, for a lack of a better phrase, never thinking about these. They work flawlessly in my camera and computer. Read, Write, Repeat. Over and over and over.I'm a big fan of their products now and have been using them for a couple of years.
Well, as a Johnny Thunders fan, I love this because live JT on video/DVD is a rarity. Unfortunately, JT is completely strung out, LITERALLY performing with his eyes rolled into the back of his head for 3/4 of this half-hour long DVD. This is for Die-Hard fans ONLY.As another reviewer pointed out, this was obviously a direct video to DVD transfer. No chance that THIS was going to be "remastered!" The sound-mix is AWFUL. For example, during Pipeline the bass track is WAY in front, burying whatever JT was playing! That is his signature tune and we hear the BASS! The editing is crappy, but I have a feeling a good 1/2 hour of footage spared us seeing JT at his rock-bottom worst. As someone who LOVES his music, I don't wanna see that anyways.JT had to lie down for a good five minutes...at least he continued singing, though. Walter Lure and the rock-steady bass player hold things together as best they can and the drummer does an admirable job (though he apparently never learned to end a song with a flourish...a few songs end with muted tip-taps).That is my review. If you are reading this you will definitely want it, since the only people who would bother to THINK about purchasing In Cold Blood are Die Hards. You can find this regularly on ePay for less than $10, so happy viewing!
My wife and I almost over looked this film as the title and cover picture made us think it was one of those exploitive movies. We are glad we did finally buy it and loved it so much we bought the DVDs available of Tyler Perrys stage plays. This man is a genius as a writer, an actor, a director, and a producer. It is refreshing that such a strong Christian can get his message across the way he has been doing for about a decade now. The film is the most spiritual commecially made film we have ever seen outside of some of those made by groups like the Billy Graham Association. The acting and music is superb. There is a definite message that is mixed with drama and comedy. You will love Madea. We have recommended this in our church and every place where someone will listen to us.
Perhaps I began this book from the wrong perspective. This was a story beloved of me as a little girl. I truly looked forward to reading this as an adult to give me the Wicked Witch of the West's perspective. While the book does have it's humorous points, it is definitely fantasy. If you liked Lord of the Rings, you may love this. I was really disappointed in the whole thing. It wasn't what I expected at all.
Just finished the book, and then re-read some of the reviews here, and I agree with most of them. Overall, I found it to be really exciting and great historical fiction. I wasn't very 'into it' at first, but was completely rewarded with my patience during the last 250 pages or so. Also, it has one of the best chase scenes that I've ever read. Though, I have to agree with the review that indicated that Silva spends a little too much time developing characters without fully using what he's come up with. That being said, I would recommend it - it was fun read...
When the then Pamela Digby Churchill (later to be Pamela Churchill Harriman) shocked British and European society with her string of marriages and romantic alliances, she was actually following more in the footsteps of an ancestor than blazing new ground. Over a hundred years before Pamela romped her way through Europe and America, the Honorable Jane Digby, Lady Ellenborough was embarkening on a series of affairs that drove her from England and eventually to the desert where she spent her final years.Mary S. Lovell could have potrayed Jane Digby as a heartless tramp or made her a cartoon maneater that wouldn't be out of place in a Jackie Collins novel. At times, Jane Digby's life does seem larger than life and more like a daytime soap opera. Her lovers included crowned heads of states and even her own beloved cousin. Her final years were spent as the wife of a Beduoin chief, performing the traditional female duties while the tribe was traveling. Luckily, Mary S. Lovell is a carefully biographer who sorted through masses of documents to find the truth behind the rumors and legends.Along with the legacy of her scandals, Jane become a mother several times. Her children, mostly seen as more annoyance than objects of affection, where left with their fathers when Jane moved onto her next adventure. Tragically, one of her daughters succumbed to madness and two of her sons died in childhood.If you adore biographies or have come across the name Jane Digby in your reading, &quot;Rebel Heart: The Scandalous Life of Jane Digby&quot; is must read.
WHAT CAN I SAY ABOUT GLENN?IN THE PAST I THOUGHT THAT ROBERT PLANT AND DAVID COVERDALEARE THE BEST TODAY I THINK THAT THEY ARE GREAT TOOBUT THERS ONLY ONE MAN WHO CAN SING EVERYTHING FROM SOULTO ROCK AND HE DO IT JUST PERFECT THERE IS A SONG BYALICE COPER CALLED ONLY WOMEN BLEED AND GLENN DO A COVER TOTHAT SONG LISTEN TO IT(YOU CAN DOWNLOAD THE SONG FROM KAZA)THEN YOU WILL SEE WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT NO"1 WITH NO DOUBT
Finally, the author(s) is veering, albeit slowly, away from the adolescent sexual tension in the novel. We finally get to see Kane actually kiss Bridget Baptiste! For a moment I thought the entire universe was gonna slip into chaos the way it was drummed up so much! Please continue to leave out the excess juvenile hyperepressive sexual tension, and maybe we'll see these two get through this SOON with some good greasy sex for a change, okay? Same goes with Domi and Grant! Nevertheless I do not agree with some of the other real reviewers that the characters were cartoonish, since I always expected this series to portray the good and bad guys with little or no complexity. Mainly because it was the storyline and action in this alternate future that I was keying into. Understand this -- that I've always expected this series to play out as a slightly more polished version of a comic book story; and I haven't been disappointed yet. Hey, if you want some deep soul-searching characters, read Emily Bronte or Dickens, or some other old claptrap. Or rent a &quot;chick&quot; flick, were someone is always dying and there are lots of silly tears being shed. Boo-HOOOOO!For me the characters are complex enough, and I'm glad their relationship is smoothing out some. I also hope the author eventually gets out of this dreamy adventure deal with the three Chintamanti stones. Or else use them as toilet paper or something more useful at least, as it's beginning to get truly boring. I'd also like to see this series depart from the rigid blind formula which I'm sure the publisher ratchets the author(s) into, by the insistence that there shall always be the usual three-strikes-and-yer-out, slam-bang-bang wham-o-bham-o action in each book. For this particular series I don't think that's necessary. For instance, I don't think the series would be hurt any if at least one installment more heavily lent itself to more intricate plotting -- maybe even turn itself into more of a Tom Clancy type spy/suspense thriller (like when they traveled back to a past in New York). Something more cerebral in future volumes would instantly raise this series to untold heights of excellence. If Outlanders contained the complexity of a William C. Dietz or David Drake SF military novel, it would help. I believe Lakesh and his group need to find more sources of information, in the form of time-trawled characters, to keep the series alive with new ideas. The Chintamanti alternate worlds is already getting quite tedious and boring. So that's going to have to be put to bed soon, if not sooner. More historical data is going to have to come from more believable and legitimate sources, rather than this miasmic alternate world drivel, I think.
...now what do you think of when you think of the word "music"...think very carefully about this word now...does it have to be a consonant and structured melody? Or is it complex dynamics and articulation with plenty of keychanges that truly make music the enigmous wonder that it should be? Now if you are looking for either with the least bit of dignity...turn around...and if you could break something on the way out you'd be helping me alot......Avril started her career as one of those young stars...the only difference is MTV decided to label her as "Punk" so people would be decieved into thinking that what they listened to was "fresh" and with "attitude" that and they thought "hmm...maybe we can make up for the abysmal role models in the past by making someone who seems like they'll rebel to authority only to be controlled by us? Ah-ha! Pure hypocrisy on a cake!! Genius!!!" And what we heard were whiney melodies and complaints of a girl (who is actually older then me I might add) that thinks because she has an MTV contract she has an excuse...I'll admitsome of the stuff was mediocore in melody...complexity?(that's not was this music is for however) but of course it soothed some people to think that punk had a soft and decomposed side so I left it alone...to rot of it's own accord and watch the people drink the milk from it's pointless metaphorical udders......but then...we have this...the irony in the title is astounding so I won't even mention it...congratulations...she's got more money for the money machine and let me explain why she's done it (finally get to the point...idiot)......now one in fifteen of you would be considering buying this without even listening to the lead single "girlfriend" and to you people that would be a big mistake if you have for some coincidence never heard it let me describe it to you...let's say a cheerleader pured ink into her eye...picked up a microphone...decided to embarass an insecure prepubescent boy by saying that she's attracted to him and then running him over with a lawn mower...poor child...another life gone...but yes...the chorus is reminiscent of the song "hey nicky!!" and instead is about how her envy and vanity get the better of her and she wants to steal someone elses boyfriend...well done Avril...you raised the bar...there's even an awful R'n'B impersonation after the second verse...aww...I just struggle to find respect for someone who doesn't even know how to tweak an ostinato in the slightest...yes Avril leave it be...and us music snobs will be all over you (oh come on! You know it's true...we're jerks!! Haha...because I'm not american it sounds stupid when I say that...but anyway I'm rambling...) but yes...awful awful sound...plus she stole the idea from a least sucessful song that attempted to sue her...they failed...there's a lesson there...you can't knock a giant down with a bowling pin...merely a shield case...very simply don't try and beat her...she has the subliminal sheep on her side......and yes besides that song there is a simple ballad (chords required are merely one digit)...and other stuff...my advice is...if you are a little boy or girl and want something to dance around to until you know better...then please be my guest...I'll be here being pretencious and listenting to stupid noise and calling it art...she's not a teenager any more...she needs to develop talent...beyond mainstream...but yeah whatever it doesn't matter...no one will read this review and give it a negative comment just to start an argument right? That would be rude...and trust me...I did listen to this...my younger cousin loves it...
This is a nice toaster oven -- and I've had my fair share! The only thing, like other reviewers said, is that the metal behind the handle gets VERY hot. There isn't a lot of room to grab the handle, so it's really easy to graze the tops of your fingers and get a nice little burn. I do like the way this oven cooks...very even. I use it for EVERYTHING, so I'm anxious to see how it holds up!
David Lynch has never been known to make movies for the masses. it seems like, you either love his work, or you hate it. This movie is a prime example. I have never seen a reviewer with mixed feelings about Mulholland Drive. Either you think it's garbage, or you think it's genius. I happen to be in the latter group. I will freely admit, it took two viewings for me to fully 'get' this film. and even now, a couple of years after i saw it for the first time, i am picking up subtle 'clues' and aspects to the film. that is rare in this day and age of 'cookie-cutter' hollywood movies. The plot is far too complicated and twisty to get into, and frankly has been gone over with a fine tooth comb already on this site. But, i will point out that one of the main highlights of this film for me, was the performace by Naomi Watts. She literally plays two different characters...completely different from each other, but the same. She is able to convey more emotion with just her facial expressions towards the end of the movie, then some actresses can with their entire body. This movie is a revelation on many levels. One of the best movies ever made. Period.
This is a cheap and quick book to pick up. No fluff, little cost.It won't make you into a security expert overnight, but it provides a welcome insight into the PS security architecture, especially when it explains which metadata tables are involved in it. And I appreciate not being forced to read more pages than necessary.In fact, I will cite another, one star, reviewer to explain exactly why I think it is worthwhile:"I'm disappointed with this book. PeopleSoft PeopleBooks and Red Papers provide better explanation. The author, for the most part, did not add any value. I wasted $20 on this book. "Sure, Peoplebooks is free. But how often does PeopleSoft literature warn of pitfalls in the products? And, given most consultants' hourly billing rates, they can more easily afford $20 than to wade through dozens of pages of sparsely informative vendor docs.For the record, I have been working with PS for 15 yrs and know most of the common PeopleTools tables like the back of my hand though I wasn't as familiar with security. I don't find this to be dumbed down at all. If you fully know the stuff already, great. If not, this can be a useful addition to your bookshelf.
Like many other women with silver-y streaks, I've tried most of the "silver brightening"-type shampoos available, from inky blue-violet to creamy lavender in color, from low to very high in price. This is the best I've tried and I'm sticking with it. It's mild, cleansing, subtle enough in color concentration to use daily, with a pleasant, light fragrance. To top it off, the huge bottle is one of the best beauty bargains around. I have a lot of fine, wavy, unprocessed hair; I usually use this without a conditioner to avoid flat-hair syndrome, but if your hair is dry or highlighted, check out the conditioner too. The conditioner is more strongly scented, too much so for my liking, but tastes differ and it is cheap enough to try without regret.
It's Altman at his best, with a cast that clearly believed in him and relished the opportunity to be directed by him. This movie is as close to cinematic poetry as you're ever gonna get. Altman demonstrates his gift and mastery at mood, texture and tone, while skillfully adding rich layers of nuance and wit to this somewhat simple tale of a complex man -- or is McCabe a simple man in a complex tale? Beatty and Christie are nothing less than inspirational, and Carradine makes me cry (his earnest commitment the character and the haunting believability that results should be studied by every wannabe actor seeking the true goods). Such confident, restrained, detailed and thus moving filmmaking from an American master -- Altman never made a more beautiful film. Oh, to have been at least a background player in this experience (for Altman even approached their roles with a thoroughness that adds to the piece's overall realism and sense of actual community); a dream job for any performer. And Cohen's music works wonders with the film's atmosphere; I can't think of anyone else who coulda pulled it off more compatibly -- Neil Young maybe? Willie Nelson? Overall, I can't say enough about this one. I watch it each year, and it never fails to enhance my love for it in new ways every time.
This movie is definitely Shyamalan's best yet. I don't really understand all the negative reivews. Or maybe I do - too many people are so used to shallow face-paced modern movies that they can't handle a simple, well told story. The movie does a great job of capturing the essence of the human feelings that drive each of the characters to do what they do, and overall I found it very satisfying, and believable. Also, the script contains a lot of great lines, where it is not just what is said, but the peculiar way that it is said, that gives us deeper insight into how the characters' see the nature of their lives. This is definitely one of my favorite movies in recent years.
I have been looking at this style of ring for awhile. Not for a wedding band, but something to wear. I was about to buy this ring on another website where they say to buy only Edward Mirell and not cheap knockoffs, but decided to check Amazon first. I was taking a chance since this ring was about 150 dollars less, but upon receiving the ring it is stamped Edward Mirell. The only difference I can see between this ring and the other ring is that the barrels are not connected to the sides with little strips of titanium. Maybe this is an early version of the ring that Amazon is trying to sell off at a low price?The ring is handsome, seems perfect. I got a size 11 and the ring does seem to run big. I am able to make it work though. It is light like a titanium ring should be. The cable is awesome. The thickness of the ring is what I will have to get used too. The titanium part of the ring is thick, then the rope sticks out above the ring, and then the barrels are even higher. I can definitely feel it on my hand right now, but hopefully I will get used to it.I'm going to be pessimistic and say that this ring won't hold up for a long time. It seems really solid, but I have to wonder how long the cable will hold together. I will update my review if something happens, hopefully it will remain as awesome as day one.
I was really disappointed in this package. Some of the episiodes play, some flutter and freeze, and some just won't play at all. I hate two-sided dvds and this one is just bad.When they DO play, the picture is really good. ( I never could get the haircut episode to play all the way though, and I tried it on two differents dvd players.)
I've always been a huge fan of the Ramones, but this album is junk. The best thing on it is &quot;Carbona Not Glue&quot; (great lyrics!), whihc was cut off of one of their earlier albums after a lawsuit. On thw hole, this album doesn't sound very good, and it is certainly not the Ramones at their best. It doesn't do justice to their talent. Stick to the studio albums if you want to know what these guys are capable of.
What makes this book so rare and, in my opinion, delectable, is it's seamless fusion of biography, history, philosophy and just plain engrossing storytelling. Very few books can do that, let alone do it as beautifully as this one.Its underlying theme is the intertwining lives of psychologist William James, jurist Oliver Wendell Holmes, and philosophers Charles Peirce (pronounced 'pers') and philosopher John Dewey. Together (yet seperately)they created a philosophy called Pragmatism. The title, I warn you, is a bit misleading. The Metaphysical Club refers to a club that met, consisting of these and a few other members. When I say briefly, the clubs existence in this book takes up maybe 40 pages, so to call the book by that title may give the reader is distorted view of its contents.Much more than philosophy and biography is covered in this book. The author has a tendency to wander off track. For example, Charles Peirce, early in his career, testified in a trial over a will supposedly forged and the author spends a good chapter on the trial alone, rarely mentioning Peirce. Also towards the books beginning, we hear much more about the Civil War itself than Holmes role as a combatant. Put briefly, if you are looking for a book strictly introducing and explaining pragmatism, this is not the best book. Pick up The Pragmatism Reader, edited by Menand. You could also simply read the last three chapters of this one, which contain one of the best outline of pragmatism outside of James and Peirce that I've read.If, though, you have the time and interest to hear great stories and learn some new things, this is a first rate book. The characters come to life (especially Peirce and Holmes) and if you stick through untill the end, you will find that the book, albeit in a round-about fashion, DOES offer us a good look into pragmatism and its galvanizers. See, one of pragmatisms core 'tenets' is that ideas can't be well understood when seperated form context. We form ideas only as guides for action in the existing world, so ideas without situational reference is like a table without a base. In order to understand how pragmatism got started, then, we must need context. Now the discussions mentioned above about the Civil War and the trial over the will do not seem like asides, but rather as necessary to understanding the whole.As I said above, this book is an extrememly well written, entertaining and erudite look at America and it's first native philosophy. Higly reccomended. (If you like this get Branden's "My years with Ayn Rand" and Magee's "Confessions of a Philosopher."
I love this CD, it conveys such a Holy reverance and praise I play it all the time in my Massage Therapy practice. It produces such a Sacred Space that it transcends time and place, it will transport one from whatever enviornment they are in directly into the Holy of Holies. There are wonderful tones and Gregorian chants, beautiful voices, praises, there is a holy silence included. I just highly recommend this CD, Constance Demby has risen to be one of my favorite composers and artist. She is very intune with Heart and Spirit and was very open to GOD to be the vessel to create this wonderful work of Sacred Holiness and Healing.If one closes their eyes and listens to this CD you will be raptured to such Heavenly highs and peace it will bring Healing to your Soul. It is a deep song of the soul that is recorded here. GOD be Praised and you be Blessed....JB
A must read for any military history buff. This book reveals the origins of US Navy traditions and proud combat record. As a person stationed aboard the USS Enterprise during Preying Mantis It was nice to get another account of the action.
The book offered a glimpse into a past lifestyle and I found it interesting. Perhaps a little silly and could have included more history but all in all I enjoyed it.
Amazon need to get the 'Deserves an Effort remix'. I wont chance this.
All the fun of the ball popper push toy without all the ruckus! The chimes are actually very pretty and quite soothing if you ask me.
just lately I hope that Megan Mcdonald will get to on set for Judy Moody and the not bummer summer and probaly just twirling in circles turns in to a jucoozie and name the next book JUDY MOODY AND THE MOOD ABOUT JUCOOZIE
Time travel is one of my favorite science fiction categories and Doomsday Book does not disappoint in this area. It's very much character based though and anyone seeking a high tech novel should look elsewhere. About all we learn of the time travel method is that there is a device called "the net" which makes it possible to travel back in time for fixed durations and you have to return to the physical location where you arrived in order to come back to the present.The novel is initially set in mid 21st century England where Kivrin is a history student seeking to go back to the period about 20 years before the onset of the Black Death. One of the things that is made clear from the start is that mid 21st century England isn't exactly a paradise. It seems to rain all the time and there has been a recent devastating pandemic. No one has ever been back as far as the fourteenth century and Kivrin's teacher, Dunworthy, is understandably concerned about traveling there. The trip is made, however, and everything seems to go well until we discover that she has actually been sent to the year 1348, just before the Black death reaches her location. Efforts to locate and rescue Kivrin are complicated by the sudden outbreak of a virulent flu epidemic which disables virtually all the people connected with the time travel project.While fairly slow moving, this book gives an excellent picture of what life in the mid fourteenth century must have been like and in many respects it's not too different from the present day. While there are obviously many technological aids available in the 21st century we see that both time periods are almost equally disabled by a disease outbreak.In general I liked this book a lot but it could possibly have been a bit shorter and still delivered the same impact. A good read though.
I really looked forward to reading this book. Unfortunately, it is virtually un-readable. There is little insight into the personality of Walter or the times and places he lived. One may say the book is well-researched, but one may also say the authors are [nitpicky]. The book gets bogged down in minutiae such as documenting each take Walter ever recorded and detials right down when, during a recording he changed harps. Sometimes very interesting, but ulimately this over-load of detail makes the book very dry and difficult to read.
These are easily the best presentation of the Fleicher Superman Cartoons I've seen so far. Even Terror On The Midway has been restored!! No kidding, until now, all I'd seen were still pictures representing the first minute of the episode. Now, it's all back.Also, there is no noodling with the sound to make it "booming". It's mono and perfect. The picture quality is the best of those I've seen so far (I've seen the laser discs, the Nature vs War...versions and the 3 pack with Popeye).Only ONE downside. After each chapter starts, a small title on the bottom of the screen comes on telling us when it was originally released in theatres. It's short but unexpected and, no matter what anyone says, an alteration. This...keeps it from being perfect, but they are...good.4 stars!
Zach Braff is one talented motherf-er. He has such a good ear for blending music with the emotional state of a scene. EVERY damn song in this movie goes along so well. I bought the soundtrack and made 10 copies to give out to my closest friends. it also led me to buy actual albums from the artists. Great job Zach. If it wasn't for you, Frou Frou, The Shins, and many more would've remain unheard.
YES if my favorite band and perhaps that's because I heard them before Starcastle. However, had I heard Starcastle first, they might have been my favorite band. I love ANYTHING Starcastle does, and they are greatly gifted and highly talented musicians and singers. Starcastle will always be in my collection of prog-rock!
This is exactly what I've been looking for. If you are looking for upbeat, in your face, soon to be classic tracks...pick this up. This mix is on point.
The price here is similar to that at my local grocery store, but they don't all carry it. If you live out in the boonies you may have to order it, but believe me, it's worth it! Better yet, have your local grocer order it. These crackers are addictive, but you don't feel like you've indulged in junk after munching on them. The balance of nutrients is ideal, and you can taste how fresh the ingredients are.Triscuits, wheat thins, and other mass-produced crackers may look like they have similar ingredients, but they simply taste like cardboard compared with these little rectangles of divinity!
I have been very happy with this little radio. It pulls in stations well, has an excellent speaker in case you want to share the music or program. Lots of handy feature such as LOCK button and separate antenna wire. Great for emergencies.
I was a bit hesitant about reading a book from a C Actor like Chris Elliott. I'm not dissing him, I think he's hilarious, but he just hasn't done much.Thwacker is a great read, the humor is absurd and I actually did laugh out loud on a few occasions. If you like Deep Thoughts by Jack Handey, you'll love this book, it's basically that same silly humor expanded into a novel.Buy it!
L&eacute;o Ferr&eacute; (24.8.1916 - 14.7.1993) at his best. Words here are pure rage against this world of money and compromission. No more life like this one ! We'll get all, the whole things, the power... In 10 000 years !!!
This is a well written biography of Lee's best Corps commander. James Longstreet's place in history has always been shrouded in controversy; because he became a Republican after the war due to the fact some Southerners were unable to accept hearing Longstreet endorse the 13th and 14th Amendments, and taking postings from his old friend Grant. Thus he was spun into the manufactured history known as the Lost Cause for these sins. For his sins racist and Lost Cause proponent Jubal Early started creating the falsehoods to destroy Longstreet's reputation, by blaming him for the Confederate army's loss at Gettysburg, and his Republican politics; calling him a traitor. It is too bad so many people today think negatively of Longstreet because of the lies created by people who wanted to ruin his military reputation because they could not accept the implications of these new amendments and his attempt to participate in government in order to heal the nation.I first read this biography back in the 1990s, and now again completely, and got to enjoy again Jeffry Wert's very clear and well structured prose. His research is also quite good, and he seems overall less influenced by Lost Cause writings of the past on Longstreet. I don't really agree with Wert that Longstreet did not support his superiors if he disagreed with them. There really is no record and no proof that Longstreet never supported Lee. The record shows he supported him in every way possible throughout the war. Jeffery Wert's later magazine article citing Longstreet as the best corps commander in Lee's army and how well he got along with Lee is an update to this work. I agree with one of the other reviewers on the point that Wert has a great admiration for Longstreet, and this is evident throughout this book. Especially the fact he was a general "beloved by his troops and depended upon for his wise counsel and military skills by his boss."At this point in the ever increasing writings on all things Civil War, I have to compare this biography to the newer book on Longstreet by LTC Knudsen - The Confederacy's Most Modern General. The Knudsen book adds military analysis of some of Longstreet's techniques, which civilians like Wert are not going to see in the same light, such as Werts belief that Longstreet was in error by not attacking Joe Hooker in Lookout Valley during the Chattanooga Campaign, a long standing myth. The newer analysis shows that Longstreet had already proposed a better operation to block Hooker much earlier by taking Bridgeport, Alabama, and shows Longstreet was very much in tune with what needed to happen at Chattanooga to defeat the Union, rather than what is traditionally said about his performance working with Bragg. I think where Wert is still reasonably fair in his treatment of Longstreet; Knudsen is even more objective from his perspective. He does not cover politics when examining the tactics and strategy.Werts Longstreet is still one of the better biographies of one of the major figures of the Civil War, and a book I enjoyed thoroughly. It was for the early 1990s a positive and better researched book that corrected many vindictive falsehoods about Longstreet by writers who were never qualified to criticize professional military men like Longstreet. It will be one of the must have books to have on Longstreet for long time to come, and is always recommended by Civil War enthusiasts!
No complaints. Quality and construction are decent and it does its job. I am using it to plug an XLR microphone into a Canon DSLR (60D) for video recording. Huge improvement in audio quality.
My sister had kids before me and always mentioned Goodnight Moon. Of course, I ignored her. Now being a mother of two, I can't stop singing the praises of this book. From the time by daughters were about 6 months old they loved this book. The way your voice sounds with the cadence of the story. I buy it for all my friends who are having kids. It's a must for every mother.
This is just what I was looking for; a solid, inexpensive joystick for occasional flight simulator use. I'm an air traffic controller and wanted to get a little experience with flight simulators to get a taste of what the other side does. This does the job without spending a lot of money. There are a lot of better quality sticks out there with fancier features to be sure, but for the price this has been great and I don't have any complaints.
I ordered Petzlife for my dachshund. He had some stubborn plaque/and tartar on his pointed teeth. I brush his teeth several times a week but it would not budge.We applied this for 2 weeks and it must have loosened it up b/c all I had to do was scrape a little bit and it came off. YAY!!!EDIT: I am still using this over two years after my first review. It works great for all my dogs! No dentals yet!
Zyflamend is marketed as an herbal alternative to over-the-counter anti-inflammatory drugs that are meant to deal with chronic pain from conditions such as arthritis or fibromyalgia. The herbal blend in each soft gel consists of rosemary, turmeric, ginger, Baikal skullcap, oregano, holy basil, green tea, Hu Zhang, Chinese goldthread, and barberry. The herbs were picked due to studies which indicate they can reduce pro-inflammatory hormones and even certain cancer causing agents. Oddly Zyflamend doesn't include glucosamine, which is the supplement that is most often touted as helping joint stiffness or pain. Potential buyers may find it more helpful to also take a glucosamine supplement with Zyflamend.It is important to note that even though Zyflamend sounds like a prescription drug name, it is only an herbal supplement that has not been tested or endorsed by the Food and Drug Administration. Since it doesn't need to go through any sort of rigorous test procedure, the manufacturer of the supplement can make any claim they'd like about how beneficial it will be without oversight. While it's unlikely that anyone would experience any negative side effects from taking the supplement, any potential buyer should still speak with their physician beforehand, especially if they are taking any sort of prescription medication.That being said, Zyflamend does have many glowing reviews from both physicians and patients alike on numerous legitimate health and alternative medicine websites. Some of those same reviews have mentioned increased instances of gas, constipation, and diarrhea however, so anyone with sensitive bowels might want to consider an alternative or take a smaller dosage to begin with.The bottle contains a warning that the herbs in each soft gel are pungent and spicy, and they aren't kidding. Taking a good whiff of the bottle might result in a fit of sneezing and coughing. The recommended dose is two capsules per day, which should be taken with a full meal to offset the "warm feeling" that is somewhat akin to heart burn. Taking a soft gel without any food does give a slightly unpleasant burning sensation, but it isn't anything that would even warrant taking a heart burn tablet.The pamphlet that comes with the bottle also recommends that anyone taking the supplement should stop eating foods that have "pro-inflammatory Omega 6 fatty acids," which essentially means any red meat. That's good health advice all around, but it's especially important here as eating foods that increase inflammatory agents will prevent the supplement from working as it's supposed to.Since a Zyflamend bottle includes a full month's supply at a reasonable price, it's definitely worth a try for anyone wanting to reduce joint pain or just try out these specific herbs to see how it affects them.
.. that anything could be this bizarre and disconnected with reality, and still be funny an entertaining.I went into this movie without any expectations. I was told &quot;It's weird&quot; and even &quot;It's stupid&quot; but such 2 word reviews don't really tell me anything.Anyway, here goes:We start out with our anti-Hero, Donnie Darko, who is leading a bizarre night life. Every morning, he wakes up far away from his bed in his pajamas. He also sees things. Things like giant rabbits. Oh, and air planes fall on his house. Also, time travel.Yes. Weird. Many little things set this apart from other movies. From it's wonderful characterization (Jake Gyllenhaal gives an amazing performance), to it's slow yet not-boring pace. I left the theatre wondering what I just experienced. My mind attempted to make sense of everything, and I realized that is exactly the intention.This movie wasn't pretentiously cerebral, dealing with esoteric concepts. This movie was about the struggle of an immensely intelligent kid who is more than a little crazy. The philosophy comes in the form of his explorations and thought processes. He sees the world so clearly, yet nobody else does.A fascinating look at the mind of a dark young man.
I must recant my earlier 1-star review. While Mr. O's career switches - fund manager to Netfolio back to fund manger -- are still anything but encouraging, one of his stock picking methods is currently working. I discovered this by looking at the portfolio of one of the funds he started. Basically, it's the stuff I own and it's doing better than the averages. (In fact, it's doing better than any fund group except gold and bear market funds.) O'Shaughnessy offers several methods for stock selection based on his analysis of several decades of data.The statistical work may be flawed as others have said but his methods are making money! (In this bear market, that is quite a boast.) His challenges of well-known methods that don't work may be even more relevant. (First rule of investing -- don't lose money.)
I thought that this movie was going to be so funny and a great watch but in fact all it was a bunch of naked parts and sexual behavior. I am a big big fan of the jackass crew and was so excited when I found this. I was very disappointed in what it was about. There were some funny parts that made me laugh but the whole movie is just basically a porn. This is way way more for guys then girls that's for sure. I also wanted to see more of Chris and he has such a small part, that made me sad. I would say rent this movie before you buy it because you may be unhappy with what you get. I am going to just stick with wildboyz and my jackass DVDs.
Ye Gods, what got into the anonymous Publishers Weekly reviewer above?Surface Action was written within a genre that relies more on archetypal characters than rich Faulknerian constructions, where depictions of military action take the place of intricate Tolstoyan plotting. If this sounds unappetizing, well there's no shortage of other things to read. But the fact that you're reading this review probably means that you're unperturbed by the fact that this book isn't a profound meditation on War and Man. I frankly doubt the above reviewer would have much good to say about the entire genre this book resides in.Surface Action's merits are these: it depicts - fairly creatively - a futuristic Venus populated by all manners of frightful beasties, and it features pretty decent naval action. It's short, fast-paced, has some decent plot twists, and is full of action - it's the kind of thing you could polish off in an evening, without the self-important meditation that seems to have peeved our above reviewer so much. Drake, a Vietnam veteran, knows what he's writing about when depicting combat; and he does humanize the action when he can.In short, this is quick clean fun, and a good bargain at its present price.
this is one of the most beautiful discs i have ever had the good fortune to hear. too bad there aren't sound samples, but, believe me, i have not yet met the soul that is not disarmed by this music. if you're living an open life whatsoever, you're sure to find magic here.
I like the stuff that Atom Heart and Burnt Friedman do. The Atom heart site is pretty comprehensive if you want more info. ANYWAY, My Life With Jesus is Blip Gop- basically, they've taken 1-second sound bites from gospel tunes or who knows what and created house-y songs that sometimes incorporate gospel vocals, which are processed into a spacey raspiness. So, it isn't really danceable, and it isn't spiritual. It's just a lot of blips and beats. I like it, prefer the other Geez n Gosh album to this one, but can't say I passionately love either of them. on the other hand, I wouldn't want to listen to gospel any other way.
As a fan of the fantasy genre, I was very happy to read this innovative book, which finally breaks free of the tired conventions authors have been following for years.From the very start, the setting (a magical Venice, in the early 1900s) is a change from the standard Middle Earth ripooffs and medieval castles. Main character Merle is a well-rounded character who acts quite a bit more like an actual person than any heroine in recent memory. And the supporting cast is no slouch, either; in this well-crafted universe, even standard archetypes have been transformed into fresh new personalities.As is required for any magical world, the fantasy Venice is sprinkled with all kinds of mythical objects and creatures, from stone lions and mummy warriors to "mirror phantoms" and mermaids. All of these are described in a way that makes them seem like they could really exist.The constant stream of unique ideas only helps to drive an intriguing plot. Since this is the first in a series, the ending leaves plenty of loose ends for readers to ponder until the translation of book 2.This book's pretty cover art drew me in, but its strong plot hooks and great writing will keep me coming back until the series concludes.
I picked this up used after reading numerous rave reviews, and boy am I glad I did. Alex North is considered one of the greatest film composers, and his "Cleopatra" score is one of my first movie music memories.This album presents the complete score to "Fisherman," which is filled with memorable themes and gorgeous orchestrations. Apparently North used elements of his score for "2001," which was rejected by Stanley Kubrick, in this film. It's a highly entertaining listen and displays a playful ease with the sounds of the orchestra that reminds me of John Williams at his best.The sound can best be described as "Spartacus" meets "Doctor Zhivago." There's a heavy Russian influence, since that's where the film's Pope, played by Anthony Quinn, comes from. The epic music for the Vatican is powerful and stirring without feeling corny or lapsing into stereotypical "religious" sounds.As if that's not good enough, the second disc also has the complete soundtrack album to "Where Eagles Dare," which I thoroughly enjoyed too.
Buying Pampers or Huggies is flushing your money down the toilet. Luvs work just as well at a fraction of the cost.
I found Thandeka's practically written book a breath of fresh air amidst the glut of overtheorized and overwritten studies of whiteness and racial construction in American society. I dare all white critics of the text to find the courage to play Thandeka's "Race Game" and look honestly at themselves as persons of color, with all the pain that this entails, as Learning to be White carefully explores.
I love my Kindle, but I wish I had waited for the Nook. Not only does B&N have over a million books to download but the prices are lower. There are so many books I want but they are not Kindle-ready, Amazon should have been better prepared like B&N. As Kindle owners' we should never come across a book we can't buy for our Kindle, or rarely come across one.
It bothers me that Paul Newman has his name on the DVD cover, but Jackie Gleason doesn't.After all, Gleason plays Minnesota Fats! Who ever heard of "Fast Eddie"?The cover of the DVD shows shots from the movie, but are in color. When you pop the movie in your DVD player however, you discover the movie is in black and white. Why the deception? But old movies seem like they should be in black and white anyway.This is a great movie for those that love pool, but also a good movie for those that know nothing about it, because there is a love story mixed into it as well. In fact, it starts out about pool, then goes into another story alltogether, but at the end goes back to the movie it started out as, about pool.The documentary about the movie is excelent.There is also a section in which someone shows you how all the trick shots in the movie are done. Well he doesn't really show you how to do them explaining what you need to do, but he just does the shots and hopes you are impressed that HE can do them.He should have gone into where you need to hit the cue ball in order to get the shot to work.I still can't figure out why the woman in the movie had to have a walking problem, as the story would have worked just fine without that, seems weird that they made her walk funny for no reason at all, it would have been more enjoyable if she would have just walked normal.DVD does have scene guide inside, some DVDs don't have this, so it is a plus when it is there.
What's not to love about James Garner? We're buying all the seasons. Better than anything on TV now.
Perhaps because it was a new york times bestseller, or because someone I know recommended her as an author, i came to the book with high expectations. The book is a fast, easy read, but it is too lightweight for my tastes. Sure, there are a few memorable episodes, and the author certainly went on a fun adventure, but I didn't walk away from the book feeling like I had really learned something. There are so many great science books out there that have similar scope -- picking an interesting topic and then delving in to detail -- but this one certainly doesn't fall into that category. For example, compared to a book such as Your Inner Fish, this book is more of a beach read.Of course, there are a huge number of folks that don't want more scientific depth, but for me I felt that the author could keep her breezy style but also deliver more "meat" so as to make it a more interesting read.
I have owned this CD for about 12 years and it is the one CD I keep coming back to and listening over and over. This is not a CD you'll buy for just 1 song--the whole thing is great! I cannot get over how well done this music is. The music tells a story as it plays, and while the music is refreshing and new, it rings in the back of your head as just a bit familiar.
Joe Haldeman is one of those authors that always entertains, but the question is: Does he satisfy? In this case I say yes.Camouflage is about two shape shifting aliens. One preferring to be male the other female that have been on earth for thousands of years. One is evil the other is good. They are united in the common goal of an artifact found in the water that might unlock the secret of one, or both. Also we must deal with the people caught in the crossfire of two very powerful beings.It has all the Haldeman touches, exotic locals, a near future and some gritty scenes.Using aliens to comment on the human condition is one of the oldest plots out there (but lets face it there are no new ones) the trick is the spin and presentation each writer gives and Haldeman gives a good one.The ending was touching and funny. Oddly enough I could see this as a James Cameron movie.The book is well worth the read.
I like Robin Williams movies. This was a good one. I love watching Sargent Major Dickerson get his comeuppance, after what he pulled. What a worm!! Robin Williams was the perfect choice for his role as Airman DJ Adrian Cronauer in the movie.
This is my third Walk 'N Cut openner...my only issue is that the battery dies but like most batteries they don't charge after a few years so throw it out and buy another one. The neat thing about this can openner is that it really works...the are or magnet is removable for clean up...my family really likes this openner and is used daily in our kitchen. The best battery one I have found on the market.
"Gettysburg" is perhaps the best attempt by any film to capture a single battle from beginning to end. It is not a movie for everyone since there is no artificially-embedded love story (as in. "Pearl Harbor"), and in fact, there are no women in this movie at all. It sets out to depict the largest battle ever fought on the American continent. Its success is the product of the deliberate choice of the director to respect the source material, namely one of the finest historical war novels ever written, "The Killer Angels", by Michael Shaara.Gettysburg is a battle of superlatives. It was the largest and bloodiest encounter battle of the Civil War, adding up the three days between July 1 and July 3, 1863, and it tore the heart out of the Lee's Army of Northern Virginia.. It is also the most controversial battle, generating more than its share of debates over decisions and tactics. Was Lee off his game at Gettysburg, as Shaara suggests? Or, as other historians argue, was the battle lost by "Old Pete" Longstreet's case of the "slows" on July 2 (the attack on Devil's Den and Little Round Top) and July 3 (Pickett's Charge)? Longstreet's postwar memoirs lay the blame for Pickett`s Charge squarely at Lee's feet, but since Longstreet joined the Republican party after the war, many Southerners are quick to blame him for Lee's defeat.Shaara's book, and therefore the film, makes choices in this debate. Shaara sides with Longstreet (aptly played by Tom Beringer), who is depicted as a thoughtful, reluctant warrior who vocally opposes the sanguinary frontal assaults launched by Lee on July 2nd and July 3rd . (For a different perspective, I highly recommend Noah Trudeau's latest book, "Gettysburg: A Testing of Courage.")It is a delight to see the musty daguerreotypes of Civil War leaders come to life as living, breathing characters. For the Confederates, Tom Berringer's Longstreet is tops, followed by Confederate generals "Lo" Armistead (Richard Jordan) and Stephen Lang `s amazing George Pickett, a stunning contrast to Lang's later alabaster imitation of Christ as Thomas "Stonewall" Jackson in "Gods and Generals." These are interesting, complex people, and "Gettysburg" even manages a sense of humor. The debate on Darwin between Pickett and Armistead is funny, concluding with Pickett defying any Southern gentleman to openly claim that "Robert E. Lee is descended from an ape." On the Union side, there is Jeff Daniels as the bookish hero Joshua Chamberlain, Sam Elliott as the hard-bitten cavalry general Buford, and Brian Mallon's pugnacious General Winfield Scott Hancock.Some die-hard grognards have complained that "Gettysburg" glosses over details of the battle. But Shaara, and the film, were right to concentrate on the highlights: the initial skirmish and ultimate Union rout on July 1, the confused battle for Devil's Den, the Peach Orchard, and the against-all-odds defense of Little Round Top on July 2 by Joshua Chamberlain's (Jeff Daniels) 20th Maine; and, of course, Pickett's Charge. Massive volumes have been written about just one day of the three day battle, and any film which tried to cover it all would be a ponderous bore.The few speeches in the movie are necessary, I suppose, to explain the larger motives for the war. Jeff Daniels' Chamberlain has to give the obligatory Abolitionist speech, and Armistead trys to explain the Southern "Cause" to the English camp follower Freemantle just before Pickett's Charge. The few speeches in `Gettysburg" hint at the malignancy that emerges full flower in "Gods and Generals" (written by a different Shaara) in which the camera's pause on any character become the excuse for a five to ten minutes of pious blather.The flaws of the film are few. One major flaw is Martin Sheen's portrayal of Robert E. Lee as an unblinking somnambulist, whose approach to strategy is by mumbling "it is God's will" as officers rush up with dispatches. Robert Duvall's more animated Lee is the only (and I mean only improvement) that "Gods and Generals" has on "Gettysburg." Sheen's wide-eyed robot Lee is hard to square with the historical brilliance of Lee at Second Bull Run and Chancellorsville, and contemporary accounts of Lee as a witty conversationalist, a battlefield gambler, and with an eye for the ladies.Ted Turner's use of thousands of amateur reenactors to stage the battle is both a blessing and a curse, but mostly a blessing. Let's face it - the authentically-decked out and equipped amateur soldiers look far more like the real thing than the standard Spanish rent-an-army employed in similar epics such as "Waterloo." However, I suspect that the troops in the movie, particularly on the Southern side, are cleaner, neater, better fed and older (lots of retired folks are reenactors) than the actual participants in the battles. (A common observation of the time was that you could smell Lee's troops approaching before you would see them). The other problem with reenactors is they object to having their limbs and heads blown off, or torsos reduced to bloody pulp by cannon balls. This is not "Private Ryan" or "Band of Brothers" - these soldiers, even when blasted by cannon, die clean deaths, and do not convey the historical eyewitness accounts of the horror, not to mention thousands of corpses set out in the hot July sun. But these are very minor quibbles. This is as good a re-enactment using real people as you can expect.I recommend "Gettysburg" for historical movie fans, and do not forget the wonderful Ken Burns' documentary, "The Civil War."
This is a very nice clock and aesthetically pleasing to the eyes, but it could of been so much better if it weren't for the few minor flaws.I bought this because I've been wanting a silent analog wall clock for some time. There are other brands but unfortunately third-party sellers would not honor my Amazon promotion.My main objective was to get a clock that doesn't 'tick' or something with a 'sweeping' second-hand since this is going to be displayed in the living room wall not far off from the television, and the Heirloom 300CS by Timekeeper seemed like the perfect choice. The clock feels pretty heavy mainly due to the domed-glass lens, all this and surprisingly it shipped w/o a battery (I guess that could of added more to the weight). The clock itself is 'frame-less' and the domed-glass lens is secured by four metal clasps wrapped by clear plastic tubings to prevent scratches. The contemporary/classic design of the clock blended well with my home and the size was perfect!Up close, the faux wood face was merely a piece of paper and printed to replicate the effect. It didn't look much like the more contoured (as seen here) with its concave inner circle section, and some areas of the face around the edges (especially on 9:00) is a bit warped and wobbled in. The markers are not as richly detailed, but all in all, the clock works and sweeps quietly as advertised and from a distance, one can hardly notice. Although it is sweep and non-ticking, I can still hear the tiny gears from the mechanism at work if I stand close enough, but ambiance noise usually washes it out.What I don't like:The Hour, Minute & Second hands looked very similar from afar, at a glance I couldn't make the time unless I stare and wait for the 'second' hand to sweep by, then real time focuses in. It is a change for me because I am somewhat used to my other clock displayed in the kitchen (white face w/ numbers and a thinner second hand) due to its contrast. This clock could of been so much better if the sweeping-second hand were thinner, and perhaps put some numbers on the face. The 'minute hand' also has an inconsistent run, at times it would land incorrectly on some markers; ex: a minute faster especially at the 3-marker position, and when it reaches the 7th-9th markers, it would sync up again. I believed this is gravitational due to the weight of the hand; instead of flowing slowing, I can see it rapidly hopped a millimeter down, and when it reaches up towards the 7-9 markers, it would delay until it picks up (or gear-up) again.This pattern seems to fluctuate anywhere from the 1-10 marker positions as I have been monitoring it for the past couple of days while making numerous attempts to get it set up correctly -- not good! Luckily, the clock was purchased with a $17 amazon promotion. Not worth the hassle of returning and loses out on the promo. Amazon did sent out a replacement but that didn't rectify the problem. So, a few bucks ain't bad for a silent sweeping analog clock, but only 'time' will tell on this one.I will revise the review if anything drastically changes.****(update) 04/22/2012****I did eventually returned the clock not long after its replacement. I have tried to make every effort to keep the clock but the 2nd one was losing time at a rate of 3-5-seconds per day. Needless to say I returned it and bought the perfect silent/sweeping clock (Bai Brushed Aluminum Wall Clock), well almost perfect at least. I decided to wait a few months and update this review and I must say that the Bai clock hasn't lose a second and it's been dead-accurate to the minute!
I thought that by using a more natural product that I wouldn't have to worry about my son having a reaction, but I was sadly mistaken. After using this lotion my 3 month old son developed a contact rash which lasted for just over a month, which was very disappointing seeing as I was given quite a bit of Burt's Bees products at my baby shower and now will not use any of them for fear of this happening again. He was covered with red sores on his entire body after one use, and the poor guy was so uncomfortable! After this happened I began reading negative reviews that other mother's had written about this same product. Never again!
Published in 1978. 168 pages. These 77 rules represent the definitive basis of good programming style and best programming practices. Included in this famous set of rules are gems such as "say what you mean", "write clearly", "use the telephone test", "make sure comments and code agree", and "make it right before you make it faster". Each rule is described in the context of a small program or code fragment. The authors expertly illuminate their rules by correcting these deficient programs. All of the example code in FORTRAN or PL/I was taken from prior publications. The rules are programming language independent (76/77); the only exception is "avoid the FORTRAN arithmetic IF." This book solidified many of the ideals expressed in the structured programming movement.
This movie is nothing like the cover, it follows a number different groups of people during a zombie outbreak. This is why I hate Zombie moives with SLOW ASS ZOMBIES!!!!!!!!! A bunch of girls screaming for no reason when they can easily out run the zombies. Theres a scene with some survivors, and they go into town to get supplies or whatever, and they see a few zombies walking towards them, WALKING! Then they start panicing trying to get all the stuff into the car.................. Look, this movie is going to have you questioning a lot of S**t, rather than finding someway to enjoy this film. I gave the movie 2 stars instead of 1 because the idea and the plot was there but it just wasnt executed in the right way. If the Zombies ran, I wouldnt care about the make-up of the zombies and I wouldnt care about the acting......... That much. Waste you time if want!
When I pretend this is really some unknown Bulgarian piece of music, it even sounds nice at times. But then come the all-too familiar and beloved Pink Floyd themes - watered down to fit a 'symphonic' style. Because of this, the CD constantly reminds us of its shortcomings; it simply is not Pink Floyd, and can in no way replace it. Give me some honestly Bulgarian music instead.
Dark, ambient, Trancy, exciting...what more can I say...one of my favorite CD's after 2 years of listening.
this game is one of the best games ever dont listen to those other people who say its bad because they have no tasyte for good games a must have
Here are presented two of Johannes Brahms pure String Quintets, not involving an auxiliary instrument (such as the piano) that is, the opus 88 and the opus 111. I was led to purchase this because of a slight defect in my old recording of the 111, and upon hearing of the 88, and how beautiful it was too (and which I did not have), I therefore decided to purchase this, the B.S.O. recording of both works. And though I paid somewhat of a premium, I am very glad I did buy it.But actually what I learned was that, although the 88 is a beautful work, standing right there with all the rest of his chamber music... it is actually the opus 111 that is truly the outstanding work. One senses here, in this piece, a man attempting to sum up his life, and work, of very many august and elegant compositions. And though neither disappoints (and in his chamber work, really, nothing actually ever does), I thought it was the second that was the truly special, compelling composition. A wonderful CD therefore, heartily recommended. And you know, he almost stopped writing shortly after the opus 111 quintet - that is, until he met with a new instrument - the clarinet.
The main criticisms of this album are only valid if you're only interested in the 'classic' FNM releases featuring the great Jim Martin and prominent keyboards. There ARE keyboards all over the album, unlike some would have you believe...they're just not mixed to the foreground as in other FNM releases. It's a matter of personal choice and open-mindedness as to whether or not you'll enjoy it in comparison. Trey Spruance came up with fantastic guitar parts that are HUGE yet musical and complex, easily as good as (the excellent) Jim Martin's best work. And Mike Patton's vocals are astounding, and clear in the mix, unlike on other FNM releases where he's heavily processed or dripping in reverb (not that there's anything wrong with that!). And the SONGS are great! there's only ONE track i don't like, as opposed to when i listen to 'Album of the Year' which has just a few great songs...
I did a lot of shopping and research before buying a new mouse, decided on the MX700 and I am not disappointed. I had a cordless mouse before (HP brand) that was TERRIBLE, mainly because the batteries were always going dead. Finally, one that can sit in a charger! I bought it for my home PC and liked it so much I bought another one for the office. It is a little on the large side, but my four year old uses the one at home with no problems. He even uses it with his left hand and manages okay, but it is designed for only right hand use. Can't go wrong with this one.
Fans of absorbing dramas such as &quot;JFK&quot; and and &quot;The Conversation&quot; rejoice! As I write this it is March of 2003 and I have yet to watch a truly great movie this year. And then I rented &quot;Traffic.&quot; This is a great, riveting film which avoids almost all the trappings and conventions of film that I have come to hate (Douglas' &quot;I can't do this&quot; speech being the exception). And for once here is a movie that's thought provoking without being obvious (the antithesis of &quot;John Q&quot;). If you like the films of Soderbergh, Oliver Stone, or Michael Mann, I promise you will enjoy &quot;Traffic.&quot; If you don't, email me and ream me out. . .
I am enthralled with the subject of Polygamy and this is a well written book . . . very clinical, informative, factual and dry book - which is why I gave it 2 stars. If the author had cut it down it would have earned three stars from me. I need just a little more heart and soul for me to grant it a better star rating. I enjoyed immensely the 19th wife. I understand this was not that kind of book, but I put this book away 60 pages from completing it, because it had lost my interest and that was not the case with the 19th wife, not even once.
THIS VIDEO IS EASY TO FOLLOW. I HAVE 2 DOG TRAINING VIDEOS BY DIFFERENT PEOPLE, COMMAND PERFORMANCE IS THE MOST SIMPLE AND EASY TO UNDERSTAND, ANYONE CAN TRAIN A DOG WITH THESE VISUAL DIRECTIONS....EXCELLENT.
Arrived in good condition and in a timely manner. Looking forward to viewing it.
All I can really say is that I enjoyed the show. The plot was engaging and the effects were not as bad as some reviwers have stated. They certainly were better than what you usually see on Syfy films. My only complaint is that they should have done more with Leslea Fisher...she is a really good actress (see her indie film called THE LAST KNOWN DOCUMENTARY) and expanding her character would have added a lot to the story line. As it was, they didn't give her much to do and thats a pity.
Shakespeare's Othello is one of the most powerful tragedies in the history of literature. It was only a matter of time until someone got around to making a game about it, and here it is!In this 2-player strategy game, one player plays the role as Othello, the lone black piece on the game board, while the other player assumes the role of Iago. Other characters on the board include Desdemona, Cassio, and Roderigo. While the Othello player traverses the board in hopes of reaching Desdemona on the other side, the intelligent individual controlling Iago will have to quickly find ways to incite a fight between Cassio and Roderigo or have Cassio reach Desdemona before Othello does. Once Othello reaches Desdemona, Iago's previous actions will determine whether or not Othello has come to kill Desdemona. The state of Desdemona's life determines the winner!It certainly is a new and refreshing take on the classic tale, and I'm sure many have wished they could stop Iago's scheming if given the chance. A must-have for fans of Othello.
1998 Fully LoadedJuly 26, 1998Selland ArenaFresno, CaliforniaVal Venis V. Jeff JarrettGood watchable match that had it's high points. Venis wins. **3/4D'Lo Brown V. X-PacThis two all always solid in the ring against each other and this one is no exception. Good match with D'Lo going over. ***1/4Scorpio & Faarooq V. Terry Funk & Bradshawok match that had Scorpio & Funk doing some old ECW stuff. Scorpio & Faarooq win. **Vader V. Mark HenryWhat's with the Henry push? He beats a former World Champion in Vader and then beats the Rock in October. I really don't know what Vince sees in the guy. I think he is a useless talent. 1/2*LOD 2000 V. DOAThis is like the 900th time these two teams had met and every single match sucked and this one sucks also. DOA win. *Dungeon Match:Ken Shameock V. Owen HartAwesome. The Dungeon is tiny and not many people knew that before this match. Very solid wrestling with a very good ending. Owen wins, ***3/4...or course Owen is going to win, it is in his own house2-Out-Of-3 Falls Match for the WWF Intercontinental Championship:The Rock (Champion) V. Triple HThis match could have been better if the first fall came a little earier and didn't have a godamn time limit! Why would it have a time limit is behind me. So you guessed it...it ends in a time limit draw. ***3/4WWF Tag Team Championship:Kane & Mankind (Champions) V. Stone Cold Steve Austin & UnderakerWhy isn't the WWF Championship on the line? It would have been cool. Anyways we get a good Tag Team Match that really wasn't anything special but was solid. Austin & Undie win the titles. ***1/2Overall a godd show that had the only Dungeon Match and a bikini contest that everyone seems to remember more than the main event. I don't blame them.
Not only is this book great, but I wish it had come out sooner. If I'd had this in hand years ago, I'd have saved myself literally years of effort, both as far as just getting things done, but also in learning general Perl skills.You can have any other Perl book on the market, but you're not getting the whole story until you get this one too. This, more than any other one Perl book, is something that can stay with you from the time you're just starting to learn Perl, to when you're an expert at it.
A friend suggested this to me as the first book about autism we should read. Our 2-year old is in the process of being evaluated for autism. This was a perfect book for us. It isn't a guide or reference book, but a gentle opening into the world of autism that I really felt cradled me as I opened my eyes to everything within.This is a lovely, easy read for anyone curious about autism or just looking for a good read.
This is one of the most thorough, well-written, accessible texts on astrodynamics that I've seen. The coverage of spherical harmonics (zonal, sectorial and tesseral) in Chapter 8 is very well done and welcomed. Beginners (or those who need a refresher) will also appreciate the very accessible coverage of Kalman filtering in Chapter 10.The text provides 70 algorithms in addition to the wealth of mathematical derivations throughout the text.The publisher's web site does not provide the updated table of contents for the 2nd Edition (as of 9 May 2006). I have provided this below. I wish that I had the time to provide the section headings within each chapter. However, if you are familiar with the subject area, you will be able to see from the chapter titles that this text is quite thorough.Loaded with well-executed illustrations and clear, descriptive text, I doubt that anything in this text will leave you with questions or confusion. You can't go wrong with purchasing this text.Table of Contents for 2nd Edition1. Equations of Motion2. Kepler's Equation and Kepler's Problem3. Coordinate and Time Systems4. Observations5. Celestial Phenomena6. Orbital Maneuvering7. Initial Orbit Determination8. Special Perturbation Techniques9. General Perturbation Techniques10. Orbit Determination and Estimation11. Mission AnalysisAppendix A. Dictionary of SymbolsAppendix B. Modeling the AtmosphereAppendix C. Mathematical FundamentalsAppendix D. Constants and Expansions
What can I say? ... It works great and it comes with cables. You can open the box, have a DVD in the tray and be watching it within 10 minutes.Dogs bark in a movie and my Jack Russell ter...rer... OK! ah... er... We can't atribute that to the DVD player. :-) I'll try again: Dogs bark in a movie and the 14 year old corgi wakes up and sniffs! :-) Yea!If you are going to use this DVD player in the bedroom with just a stereo tv, it will work just fine....If you have a home theater set-up with 5 speakers, a Dolby Digital decoder is needed separate the sound and send it to 5 speakers: left & right, front & back and center. This model does not have a Dolby Digital decoder. I'd sort of consider that a moot point. If you have 5 speakers, most probably you'll have a Dolby Digital stereo receiver sitting there with the speakers.If possible, I'd recommend running any DVD player through your stereo receiver. Unless you have a real high-end tv, there is a good chance your stereo speakers are much better quality than any TV speakers.I have 4 foot high speakers (front, back and sideways) and a Harmon Kardon receiver. Apollo 13 took off in my living room. Just as a test of what it would sound like on an old cheap stereo... I plugged in into an old Panasonic ... yard-sale-stereo and... Apollo 13 still took off in my living room!I have a 13" TV. I don't plan to upgrade until I get an HDTV. I refuse to spend $1000 on a TV set unless it cooks dinner. :-) So why get a DVD player now? Even with the great sound...I wanted to buy movies... VHS tape is magnetic and "drops out" in a few years. DVD's (and CD's) won't change unless you leave them on the dash of the car in July.There is tons of information on DVD's in addition to movies. A narration of Apollo 13 by Jim Lovell and his wife. How Carl Sagan's "Contact" was made. (Jodie Foster saying "OK to go" billions and billions of times.) Why Meg Ryan wore red in "Sleepless...." Tibits, gossip, computer animation and special effects techiques. Did you like this movie? Indexes. Other films by the stars and director. Complete documentaries about the subject: On the "Saving Private Ryan" DVD -- what was the real story about D-day?I haven't had any problems with the Pioneer remote mentioned by others. I am glad it is not the size of a bass. It is the size of a trout. Brown trout. Native.It insisted once on replaying the same segment of special effects footage on "Contact" -- no matter what I selected off the special effects menu. I think it was a problem with the programming on the DVD -- not a problem with the Pioneer player. It happened again in the same place when I tried again another day. Both times, I went to main menu and was able to start the special effects menu over. I go through all the bonus materials and that was the only "funny" -- and I have probably watched 60 DVD's with this player.One goodie -- this DVD player will remember where you were at the last time you turned off the movie. If you stop 1/2 way through, a week and 3 movies later it will remember this. My player remembered this even after a 5 hour power outage.Want a spare DVD player for the bedroom or den... Want to justify that HDTV and go digital a few years earlier than planned? Buy this DVD player now and just look at those pretty pictures! Even on a 13" TV, I amHappy watching! CynthiaPS What kind of cables? There are RCA jacks and cables for the audio. Most stereos and stereo TV's have RCA plugs. (2-3 1/4" round metal ring, color coded: red, yellow and/or white.)There is a S-video jacks and cable for the picture. Newer TV's and VCR players have s-video jacks. If you have an older TV with just a coaxial plug (round ring, screws on), you'll need to buy an "RF Modulator" black box. ... Mine came from the mall. A bonus -- the black box acts as a switch between your DVD and your VCR. i.e. you don't have to swap cables on the back of your TV set to go from one player to another.There is a coaxial optical jack on the Pioneer if you have newer equipment. Optical cables are not included -- but, if you have optical, you'd probably want higher-end cables anyway. (And you probably haven't read this far in my review either. :-) Ta! c.
I took a Yellow Nineties literature course in college, and the professor told us to stay away from "Teleny," that Oscar Wilde had nothing to do with it. With my interest piqued, I went to the university library and discovered there was a copy of "Teleny" in the rare book room. I read it in one sitting. I agreed that Oscar Wilde probably had nothing to do with it.But now, many years later, I've read it again, and this doesn't even seem like the same text I read before. I will give Oscar Wilde chapter 7 and a long passage of chapter 8. Beyond that, I'm sure many other writers contributed most of it. I just wish an editor had been involved. While reading this version, I concluded that some kind of optical scanner had been used to transfer the text from one source to another. In the process, very strange things happened. The letter "m" often gets subsituted for "th," so that the word "that" appears as "mat." "Mink" is really "think." But it doesn't stop there. "Concerts" becomes "conceits." "Kiss" becomes "lass." The best one is "mush-scented courtesans," which I hope is supposed to be "musk-scented." Add to that the fact that some French words were just guessed at, so we end up with "mignans," "matrons" for "marrons," and "Angut" for "Angot." Anyway, the text is so corrupted that you practically have to be a cryptographer to decipher it some of it.The early chapters have lots of typical Victorian hetero scenes, but once the homosexual ones start, one must agree that this is a different kind of prose. The literary and classical allusions abound. (Some of them are so obscure that I couldn't find out about them using google search.) There is an attempt at a Poe atmosphere near the end, which is telegraphed from a mile away. The end is "open," with a hint that there might be a sequel, but apparently there never was one.In all honesty, I cannot recomment this New Traveller's Companion Series version (no pictures) because of the constant typos and bizarre punctuation that render the prose almost unreadable.
The music and lyrics for this album were written almost exclusivly by Chantal Kreviazuk, and it shows.The album rolls along smoothly and nothing feels like it's coming at you from left field, as is the case with her first album, Under These Rocks and Stones. Every song, with the exception of 'Soul Searching' which seems a bit forced, comes across as sincere, which is a rareity.My favorite song is 'Eve' because of the mood it captures so perfectly.On the whole, an excellent album!
It would not be hard to contemplate a more difficult story line for Disney to adapt on screen than Victor Hugo's &quot;The Hunchback of Notre Dame&quot;, but that doesn't mean it was a walk in the park either. Not only is there the conundrum of how to make Quasimodo true to his character and at the same time not so unsightly in appearance as to frighten off youngsters, but how will Victor Hugo's dark commentary of 15th Century Parisian life, capital punishment and religious bigotry be accommodated? What of Claude Frollo's lascivious desires for Esmerelda and wanton acts upon Quasimodo and gypsies? And that ending...a bit of a downer don't you think? Well, believe it or not, Disney stays true to each of these facets of the novel...with the exception of the tragic conclusion, of course.Talking gargoyles aside, the film really does not do enough to accommodate young viewers (and perhaps it was a mistake to market this as a kid's movie, but you got to sell those Burger King toys somehow!). The villain (Frollo) is among the most sinister characters ever portrayed in a Disney movie, and unlike Jafar (&quot;Alladin&quot;) or Hades (&quot;Hercules&quot;), there is nothing humorous about him. On the other hand, the animators went a little overboard with Quasimodo, who kinda looks like a red-headed Chris Farley. And Phoebus has the personality of Al Gore...if he were any more wooden you'd have to check him for termites. Also, some very interesting characters from the book are regrettably absent. Where's Pierre Gringoire, Jehan Frollo, and Sister Gudule? Still, the animation is breathtaking, and the finale is nearly flawless...preferred to original version if you're a sentimental fan of happy endings.The movie contains a few hilarious subliminal references, as when Quasimodo (Tom Hulce) is dressed up briefly as Amadeus. The music is incredible and supports the film's most compelling scenes: Esmerelda singing &quot;God Help The Outcasts&quot; while taking sanctuary in the cathedral, the counterpoint of Quasimodo's &quot;Heaven's Light&quot; to Frollo's &quot;Hell Fire,&quot; and the heart-pumping score behind the finale. Probably would have been given a PG rating if not for Eisner's influence over MPAA.
Just finished taking NET,did not need Kaplans book, and neither will you if you prepare properly.Test is not that difficult,bone up on % and decimals and you will be ok with math.Kaplans book is loaded with two much useless information.
I am not the target audience for this book (I was looking for strength training exercises to augment a cardio work out to improve muscle tone / "deplete" fat -- at 56 I'm not expecting to look like the cover model anytime soon) and bought it after a few minute scan mostly because of the range of exercises it contained. Then I started reading it while on the exercise bike. I found the theory fascinating -- and really appreciate the balanced persepctive (e.g., presenting both sides of the debate on stretching). I love the authors advice that in the end you do what you want with the exercises (but the program laid out is what has been shown to work in years of practice). For those who may have to modify the routines (due to bad backs etc.) it helps get you into the program. But since I have more time on the bike than in the bookstore, I've been reading. And as I read I started adventuring into some of the exercises I thought I should not do with a bad back (Thank you Mr. King!). I'm hopelessly out of phase with the week by week program, but if you are looking for a lifestyle change vs. a quick fix, there is enough material here to help you get there.My only caveat is that books are not a substitute for a personal trainer (who can see and correct what you are doing wrong). I'm playing it safe with the exercises -- when in doubt, skip it. If you are in a hurry to look good for your honeymoon, you might want profesional help. But I am hoping that this book will be a very long term investment.
I made it to page 150 of Haunted and almost threw the book away. My wife decided she'd give it a shot and didn't make it as far as I did. This book truly stinks. If it gets scary at some point you'll likely never know it because the ridiculous romance will be so off putting that you too will feel foolish for having bought the book.No kidding. Go find an old Casper the Ghost comic before you buy this terrible thing. How did this get published?Wow!Oh! Heather? By the way. C14 dating doesn't apply to artifacts that are 100 years old. At least try to get the science straight.
I've read all of the Ranger Anna series, and while the subject matter here is difficult, I think this is one of Barr's best efforts. I especially noticed that this is not the kinder gentler Anna that some may have expected when she finally tied the knot. Language is courser, (but appropriate) and the introduction of a "second in command" was an interesting twist. One expects that Barr might be priming wheelchair bound Heath (has anyone ever heard of a girl named Heath before???) for her own series of mysteries.
What can I say about this product. Not real fancy. Just a practical cell phone cover.Does a good job of protecting your RAZR. All connections are not impeded.Great cell phone cover for the price.
The condition of the book is very good.It is almost new.My daugther likes the book.
I personally think that Elize's "Shake" is a better song than Dannii Minogue's "Put the Needle On It." I love both, but Elize's track has better vocals, an awesome backbeat, and one of the catchiest choruses to hit dance/pop music in quite a while. "Shake" is very likeable, because people who enjoy dance/club/house music will enjoy it, as well as people who like pop, i.e. Britney Spears, Kylie Minogue, Madonna, etc. I hope Elize releases an album, because if all of her songs sound like this one, she'll be a superstar in no time.
THIS WAS SOME STALE A$$ CRAP, VERY UN INTERESTING, AND REDUNDANT LYRICS, A COUPLE OF BEATS WERE OK, BUT THAT WAS IT.LYRICALLY THESE GUYS JUST CAN'T BRING IT, AND THEY'VE BEEN AROUND FOR SOME TIME NOW. THE BEATS DIDN'T REALLY KNOCK AS HARD AS I THOUGHT THEY SHOULD'VE, LETS FACE IT RAP FROM THE SOUTH IS USUSALLY KNOWN FOR ITS HARD BASS, AND BAD FLOW, AND LYRICS, BUT THIS ONE DIDN'T EVEN HAVE THE HARD BASS, IT WAS KIND OF DISAPPOINTING. STRAIGHT BOO BOO
I too got turned on to Diana Wynne Jones after the Howl's Moving Castle anime. I read her Chrestomanci series first and now I finally read this book. Many reviews have already done a decent summary, Sophie, the eldest of 3 sisters is resigned to the fate of the fairy-tale trope 'eldest child' who stays home and isn't successful. Even from the beginning however, DWJ shows that she's bent on turning tropes on their heads. The step-mom is young, pretty and kind to Sophie. The step-sisters love each other, the most beautiful and beloved sister isn't the main character but one of the other sisters, etc.The main problem I had with the story is that a lot of 'obvious' things weren't obvious at all, especially Calcifer's clues. Even though I knew from the anime what the 'contract' was supposed to be, his hints were so vague that I ONLY knew they were hints because i had knowledge before-hand.Near the ending, a million characters come out of nowhere and it's frustrating when all the readers want to see is Sophie and Howl have their moment with 20 people interrupting and pulling at their sleeves.Howl wasn't a very enticing character and I really wasn't rooting for a romance while reading the book, the 'moment' at the end was super rushed as if DWJ was saying 'Oh yeah, here's the obligatory fairy-tale romance at the end.'All in all i think it was one of DWJ's best efforts. I'd recommend watching the anime first because DWJ is not very descriptive at all, the story is very action-oriented.
I have used these as well as the 2 and 2.5"in my bostich N62 finish nailer....They have worked without a hitch. Sometimes it is the "nailee" not the nails that have problems.....
This is a fantastic book! The best of it's kind! Great colored photos and information (not too much, but just enough)! I like to hike & camp in the Mojave desert, and I love this book!
I'm no prude but bad writing and weak plot lines do not drive repeat sales.I've never been more disappointed with a book, make that last four in the series. When I first got introduced to this series the characters were so vivid and neatly drawn that each additional titile revealed more but still left substancial mystery to the on-going story. But these last few titles have dropped to bad porn writing, the sex is too techinical and the characters are now bad reflections of what they were in the begining. I mean Ms, H really needs to read Anne Rampling's aka Anne Rice's Beauty Series to learn how to write erotica or pick up a copy of Dave Benbow's Hunk House for some real fun and quick sex scenes. I can honestly say that I intend to drop Ms. H from my must read list, talk about good money thrown away on empty words.
This book was an excellent tool for introspection. It has safe and wonderful easy EASY practices that allow you to work gentally at becoming whole. There are explanations to change the way you deal with your emotional and spiritual bodies to heal and become more connected. This book is not for those that want to achieve power but rather impowerment. It is a book that is based on the idea to heal the childhood and the innerchild.
BB King with amazing voice and amazing songs, Finaly i say - its been 2 years sence his last album. Very good - and the last song on the CD is great. Anyone who has good taste in music will be pleased with this album. Those who are expecting Blues will be disepointed though. A Wonderful man brings us a wonderful album.
Spore brings a new level to gaming with a fun mix of creativity, strategy and infinite variety.The game play is fun and extremely addicting. For me, creating the creatures, the wide variety of buildings, land, sea, air and space vehicles and even your civilization's "national anthem" is very satisfying. This really is a universe as your toy box.And the replay value is wonderful because there are a wide variety of play styles you can use. And each results in different types of options available when building your creatures and their amenities.As for the copy protection, too many people are popping veins over it: I paid for the game. I've NEVER had to reinstall a game more than once, but if I DID run out of installations, I would simply download the pirated version and have no guilt whatsoever. RELAX.
I am an elementary music teacher and this book is excellent for a number of reasons. However my only problem, and it is a problem in elementary school when children in grade 1 or 2 want to read the book, is one word. It is another name for donkey and starts with jack. It appears three times and I have taped over the word and put the word donkey, which works well except for one sentence that is suppose to rhyme. The pictures, prose, and included CD are all great and work well in the classroom as well as the home.
I think it is a good guess that most of the money spent making this documentary (or rather series of three documentaries) was spent on the cover graphics, which I must confess caught my eye. This is a great example of deceptive packaging. And let me explain why.First this is not a 12 hour series on Hitler as advertised.Secondly there is no documentary in this package actually called Hitler: The Unknown Story. The name of the six hour slog contained herein is Hitler: Myths, Anecdotes and Lies... which is a misnomer as well. (It is not listed in IMDb.)There is also a three hour documentary misleadingly labeled "The World at War: From Hitler to Hiroshima", which again once you actually watch the DVD is called "From Hitler to Hiroshima: The World at War". This has nothing to do with the excellent Thames Television series from the 1970's entitled the "World at War" and is just labeled such to confuse the viewer. It is in fact one more tedious run through of the same material.Next there is also a three hour documentary on the U-Boats. This might be worth the couple of dollars shelled out for this thing. (Warning if you pay more than five dollars for this package you're going to have a tough time getting your money's worth.)Finally as to the Hitler documentary, which indeed is nearly six hours long... (And feels every minute of it.) If you've seen a couple of documentaries on Hitler you've seen it all before, except for perhaps 2%. I think approximately 70% of Triumph of the Will was cannibalized from a very poor quality print. And the rest is from predominantly obvious sources. Now I would be willing to forgive even that somewhat if they had any new slant on the subject. Some poor English historian is roped in with less than 6 minutes of talking head time amongst the 6 hours. Supposedly he narrates this whole shebang. But he doesn't. ( I wish he had.) Instead we get a very stilted individual talking with a strange American accent who can't pronounce certain words quite correctly. This could be the "director" Jose Delgado who is the "write and director" (sic).By the way this is from Mill Creek and Octapixx???Here's what this mess really looks like to me: With it's horrifying digital transition effects, it's constant and pointless musical score, it's untranslated Hitler speeches droning on through the background as random sound, it's fuzzy images; it all seems to have been crammed together on someone's old PC in about 1997 from preexisting source material (VHS?), without too much regard to content meshing with image. Yes I did glean a couple of shards I hadn't known about. But that's really no excuse. (Maybe I should do one of these.)This wasn't the untold story. This was truly Hitler: the completely needlessly rehashed story.
Few people would deny Elaine Paige's multiple talents: she has been West End's leading lady for more than 30 years, creating and playing many memorable roles: Evita, Grizabella in `Cats', Florence in `Chess', Reno Sweeney in `Anything goes', Norma Desmond in `Sunset Boulevard', to name just few. Her strong stage presence and good vocals insured her durability in the world of the musical theatre and at the same time she managed to make good pop albums. The fruits of her rich career can be heard in her latest excellent 2-disc compilation released two years ago, `Centre Stage: The very best of Elaine Paige'. After that, Elaine got her own radio show on BBC 2, presenting to the listeners some of the most memorable tunes from the past and present of the musical theatre. After the voting for the best British musicals of all time finished, Elaine decided to record this new album, by selecting the songs from the ones that found their way to the top according to the voters.Since the selection of the musicals in question boasts with the titles like `Oliver!', `West Side Story', `Grease', `Sound of Music', `Evita', `The Phantom of the Opera', `Sunset Boulevard' and many more, this should have been an excellent album. Regrettably, that is not the case.There are several problems one notices after giving it a full listen. One of the major ones is the orchestrations. Each of these musical numbers is given a new and different orchestration than the ones they had within their parent musical. Not necessarily a bad thing by itself, but here some of the numbers are barely recognizable, `Aquarius' from `Hair' being a good example. Not only that, for the most part they are produced in such a self-important manner that Elaine's voice becomes lost and unnoticeable amidst their sound. The effect could have been much bigger on a smaller and a toned down scale in this respect.Elaine's vocals are not on the plus side on this album either. She delivers this whole set of songs in a totally lackluster manner, sounding predictable and as if doing all this out of pure habit. This is why Elaine's take on these songs leaves you feeling no emotion at all after hearing them. The only exception is a somewhat playful rendition of `I'm gonna wash that man right out of my hair' from `South Pacific'. Unfortunately, one song does not make an album. It's really a shame, since some of these songs, like `You must love me' from the movie version of `Evita' or `Someone else's story' from `Chess', were an opportunity for Elaine to revisit some of the characters she played in the past.This whole CD therefore comes as disappointment from someone who set her standards considerably higher during the past years. For all those who want to experience Elaine Paige at her best, I suggest to get her compilation `Centre Stage: The very best of Elaine Paige'. Alternatively, if you are looking for a new CD from a musical theatre diva, try Patti LuPone's excellent new album `The lady with the torch', also available here at Amazon.
Professor Ralph Abraham, the American chaos theorist, says in an interview somewhere that he is a fan of an almost forgotten English composer named Cyril Scott. Professor Abraham believes that, one day, Cyril Scott will be rediscovered and his music will be acknowledged as comparable to Beethoven's! This stuck in my mind, for ages in fact, as it would any half intelligent being, and so I researched this Cyril Scott guy (I had never heard the name before).So I research this chap online and it turns out that Cyril Scott is indeed an impressive character; he's impressive because, like Ralph Abraham, he is able to comprehend mysteries other than his profession, mysteries like the occult and other thinking outside of the box activities (he was apparently very good at it too). The Initiate is one of Scott's other activities then, that is, its an occult manual disguised as a novel and if the mans music is up there will Beethovens, then, verily, this book should be something special.In the introduction, Scott says the Initiate is not meant as a novel, but a true story disguised as a novel. When original published in the 1920's, Scott didn't put his name on the cover because, being a true story and all, he didn't want people knocking on his door! So I think Scott meant this book to be a kind of Trojan Horse. You expect fiction, but what you really get is an unveiling to a witness to a truth; the truth.The fiction part is the exoteric, if you like, for those who want fiction, and the cleverer readers will find the esoteric message lurking just underneath the skirts of Cyril Scott's' Victorian prose; like the satire lurking underneath the Simpsons (when it was funny).The pupil in the book is Cyril Scott himself and the mysterious guru, who Scott gives the fictional name of Justin Moreward Haig, to hide the mans real identity, is an advanced human being who Scott knew for a few years in London.The real life Moreward Haig gave Cyril Scott permission to write this book, so Scott claims in the preface. Scott also says that ascended masters, like Haig, who, by the way, Scott met whilst wining and dining the upper crust of London society, and who this book is based on, emerge now and again throughout history to help us mortals and this is the opening scene for the first half of the book (I didn't read the second half).Scott and the Master would meet at dinner parties or back-stage at the opera, and they would mingle with the filthy rich of society and discuss pseudo problems that only the very rich can have, and, during these talks, Justin Moreward Haig, being of a man of towering intellect, infinite kindness, commanding presence, and amazing insight into the workings of human nature, would dispense his magic to the spiritual broken people in the room, to put them on the right track, with his worldly wisdom and elevated viewpoint. He's that advanced and in the preface, Cyril Scott even hints that Haig is above the superman (Ubermensch) but more boddhisattvic; this means that he loves the weakest as well as the best. No master that I know of is like that.Cyril Scott also says in the preface that he had a pen and paper in hand to take notes of Justin Moreward Haig's various sayings and insights during many of these conversations and these notes are the dialogue in the book. Wow, I thought, a live recording of a master at large!Image a fellow following Socrates around ancient Athens and writing down what the man said. These notes would be priceless intellectual waters as pure, clean, real for the reader as it was for the people listening to the philosopher in ancient Athens. Who would not want to fall to his knees and gratefully dip his lips in such a rare stream? The Initiate is one such stream.So the initiate is Scott's autobiography disguised as fiction. This is fine and I guess that people will buy this book to have a glimpse of this Moreward Haig character, to see how a true master operates; a master, incidentally, who taught a genius on the calibre of a Beethoven/Scott (you get the picture). This is exciting and I ordered the book at once and I imagine that if you do the research, like I did, then you too will be expecting your mantras to get shaken with a good dose of wisdom that you won't find anywhere else (Amazon are even charging a lot of money for this book too, even though, these days, you can get the classic novels for only a few pence and only fact based books seem to keep their price. The plot thickens then, and so we are supposed to believe that this is indeed fact and I suppose the reason for buying this book is a sort of.. 'in our world we all know who the great-ones are and so the hidden ones will be even more impressive and Cyril Scott, the genius musician, has actually met one of these advanced people and he has written it all down for us',,, sort of logic).Don't get me wrong, if Scott didn't hint that this is a true story, then I would be pleased with this story. Cyril Scott even admits that the characters are badly drawn and a bit one dimensional so as to hide their real identities! However, to me, this means that Scott definitely means that the Initiate is a true story, rather that a clever literature device to wet the appetite of the reader, like what Anne Rice did in her fantastic Lestat books, and so the burden of proof is on Scott himself, rather than on the will-power of the reader, to produce the goods.To unfortunately, hide the identity of this immortal, Justin Moraward Haig ends up being a mist of a character because I couldn't get a concrete fix on the motives or feelings of this elusive fellow, because his identity must be kept secret, remember!So instead of proper narrative, the master just appears on the scene to say a few words and it appears that Cyril Scott reckons that this is enough; that the genius of Justin Moreward Haig's insights will shine through the paper and hit my frontal lobes with oceans of enlightenment. Well it didn't!Its not terrible, its a nicely written book and the ideas are up there with a man who has read many books on Zen Buddhism and studied ideas found in the Theosophical school. There are some excellent Zen passages in this book that really show off Cyril Scott's learning. I imagine that Cyril Scott must have been an interesting man and a true philosopher himself; he seems like a very nice man, very intelligent, and a good humanitarian, like Bertrand Russell, and it would have been interesting to meet such a worldly bloke. Most modern composers are charisma vacuums and so this Cyril Scott guy is interesting. Unfortunately, the ideas in The Initiate are no way the ideas of a master; they really aren't. For example, in one scene, Moreward puts an over domineering upper crust mother straight and shows her how to act with her daughter, who is in love with a poet. Moreward, as Scott affectionately calls him, has some clever things to say to the horrid mother. In another scene, Moreward puts a fat priest straight and tells him the real message of the Bible. In another scene the master is doing some fancy Zen gymnastics, to the astonishment of the audience. These are clever and fine scenes and in a work of fiction they would be fine. Unfortunately, if this is a real life master talking, then I wasn't impressed. I've read this sort of thing before, but much better. What Morward tells the priest is not on the level of Friedrich Nietzsche and the thing he tells the horrid mother is basically 'self help' advice that we see on Oprah every day and the Zen gymnastics is Alan Watts. I love the banjo playing Watts but I doubt that even he would claim to be an immoral master (I must say though that ideas that seemed fresh and startling in the Victorian era will seem very cliche today and so we shouldn't be too hard on Cyril Scott).Apart from the sophomore philosophy, I was also disappointed at the stiff company that the Ubermensch Justin Morward Haig keeps. I myself wouldn't mind this sort of civilized company, but I would imagine an enlightened being, who sees through that veil of ignorance they keep telling us exists, would see the company as a one dimensional aspect of humanity, a hopelessly dreary aspect, but Morward offers zero analysis of the wrecked state of this spoiled British class; no Nietzschean demolishing of idols here please, we're British! It's like Scott, I mean Morward, was born in this world and so he can't see further than his nose and so he puts into the words of the master words only a rich bourgeois fellow could ever think worth uttering! Will self says smarter things than this!Cyril Scott was born in this environment and this is why the words of the master are slightly 'heard it all before'! Cyril Scott wrote them, I reckon, and his music my well be up there with the immortals, but this book isn't! I'm aware that people are raving about this book online and I have probably missed something, so I will try to read the rest soon. Scott wrote two sequels to this and so I suppose it is still worth looking at. There is a possibility that I am impatient and so ill carefully read the second part soon. I would love to know your opinion on these meandering questions?
Dodie Smith deserves to be in the annals of children's books fame - The Hundred and One Dalmatians is a novel every child can identify. The dogs are very similar to children - they call their owners &quot;pets&quot; and believe they shape the behavior of the people around them. Pongo and Perdita also have an extensive network of dog informants (tapped into when they &quot;walk&quot; the owners). This novel also struck me as an excellent introduction into British post-war life for children (I always thought it especially wonderful that the male owner was some type of British tax genius with lots of connections in the government). While Cruella deVille is not quite as scary as the Disney character, children and adults everywhere can appreciate and identify her with people who see animals as only something to provide a service or product for them - not as creatures with emotions and thoughts of their own deserving of life. A wonderful anti-fur demonstration is included in the climax of the novel. All interested readers should be sure to pick up Smith's sequel as well!
I'm officially imppressed!!!!!.I picked this book without knowing really the Legion. The only book I have that contain the LOSH members is Final Crisis: Legion of Three Worlds. I liked that, even when I had problems identifying the gazillion characters.Anyway... I honestly picked this up because I thought it was a bargain: A more than 400 pages book for $26. I have to had it even when I didn't really knew the team. I heard this saga was good so I gave it a shot. BEST DECITION IN 2010 I'VE MADE!!.Paul Levitz made a fantastic job. A writing way pass it's time. He achieve for the reader to care for every single legionare. The art is also very good. George Perez kind of good. Old school but good. Plus you can see costume and hair style changes. Unique!.The only bad thing I can think of is that indeed the bad guy revelation was supposed to be a GREAT revelation. But this is a minor complaint. Maybe if Darkseid wasn't in the cover I might have not got this.Ahother cool fact is that at the end of the book there's the script for chapter one (writen on a typer-writer machine!!) and some skecteches and variant covers for the book. One of them seems spectacular to me. HAte they didn't use it for this book, but anyway.Again, I got this book because I thought it was quite a bargain. Now that I've got it and read it I FELL LIKE I CHEAT AN ROB SOMETHING VALUABLE!!!.Get this. You'll get more than what you paid!!.
I bought this for my mother who used to wear tiny women's watches that she complained she couldn't read. This watch has very easy to read numbers, and the indiglo backlight brightens up the entire dial when needed.
Robinson's &quot;Red Mars&quot; is a comprehensive and complete book on man's colonization of Mars. It is full of scientific, political and economic consequences of human settlement on Mars, and arguments from both sides are presented in detail through the opposing perspectives of different characters within the book. In addition, the book is full of symbolism, such as the &quot;elevator&quot; that is built, only to be pulled down by the hands of the revolution destroying much of the Martian surface and dispersing humans in a manner that made me think of the Tower of Babel.The story begins on a spaceship of the &quot;first hundred&quot; people that are off to begin life on Mars. All of them are scientists, which of course makes for a less than complete representation of human kind, although full of intellectualism and nutty personalities. The mission is meant to be representative of the world's nationalities, dominated by American and Russian teams. Each group of scientists have their own tasks, whether it is flying the space craft, cultivating food, construction once on Mars, ecologists to study Mars, terraformers, biologists, physicists, and even a psychologist.The 8 month journey to Mars is enough to drive some people crazy, and Maya, the Russian leader thinks that she is hallucinating when she unwittingly spots a man whom she does not know onboard the spacecraft. People develop relationships and hatreds, and their true personalities start to come out after hiding most of their peculiarities from the selection committee to be able to go to Mars.Robinson follows different characters for each part of the book, and this makes it a more interesting and in-depth read, as we get different viewpoints on how the people see Mars and what they want from the planet. Some, like Ann, oppose its terraforming, whilst others, such as Sax, can think of nothing but. Hiroko suddenly disappears with a small group of the first hundred and no-one can find them. John and Frank hit heads about how the planet should be run, and one day John is murdered - a shock to everyone.Politics starts to play an important role as the first hundred decide they will do whatever they want on Mars rather than be controlled by Earth. They are free. Only, they really aren't. Before they know it, waves of immigrants from Earth, sponsored by transnational corporations begin to live on the planet. But Mars is not its own nation and does not have a cohesive political or police structure. Problems quickly rise to a peak and the first hundred realise they are no longer in control.A revolution begins and is chaotic and uncontrollable. Infrastructure collapses as it is sabotaged. Finally, Nadia the engineer, after finding out that her lover Arkady who began the revolution has been killed by it, decides that enough is enough and she blows up Phobos in an attempt to stop Earth and transnational control and interference. The first hundred realise that they will be seen as ringleaders of the revolution and that they must escape - will they be rescued by Hiroko's detachment?The book is so complete and full of facts that it is a must for anyone with a passion for Mars and science. It is also a must for those that would think to colonize Mars in the future - as a guide of how not to do it.A very realistic perspective, well thought out, and a foresight of consequences that gives me goose bumps.
Replacing the cartridge on your Zeno device is extremely simple. If you're truly bothered by your acne as I was, it's definitely worth it.I've always had clear skin, even as a teenager. I'd get the occasional pimple/blemish from time to time but never had "problem skin." Then, in my early 30's, I started to develop cystic acne. It was EVERYWHERE. I was SO embarrassed by it and couldn't even stand to look at myself. I even refused to go out in public without a ton of makeup on to cover the acne (although, of course, you could still see that I had acne underneath my make-up).I was aware that Zeno didn't have a high recommendation for cystic acne, but I was desperate. I kept reading all the positive reviews on it and how it worked wonders for people. I felt it was worth a try. By this point, I DID try everything else - from acne kits to prescription cream my doctor prescribed. NONE of these helped in the slightest.When I discovered that people would go to a salon for a professional facial treatment that was similar to using the Zeno device which cost them hundreds of dollars for one single treatment, I was intrigued. I started looking into salons and found out that some of them DID offer this type of treatment. Now you can do it yourself at home with a device you can use and re-use for a lot less money, so I was ready to give it a try.Zeno DID work for me. It's as simple as that. I did get regular pimple breakouts in addition to cystic acne and it worked on my regular pimples like magic. I did have to use it more often on my cystic acne but it DID work. My face was COVERED with ugly cystic acne. Some were huge and sticking out while others looked "embedded" in my skin. And, as I said, I was also getting regular pimples. My self-confidence was at a rock bottom low. When I realized Zeno was actually eliminating ALL my pimples, some faster than others, I was SOOOO happy. It felt like a dream come true. Just having this product increased my self-esteem immediately.Like I said, it took longer on cystic acne. I'd have to use it a few more times, so it'd take an additional couple of days. But after just one use, it DID at least make it much smaller and less noticeable. And my so-called regular pimples disappeared quickly as promised. Using it on cystic acne does mean it will be more time consuming and cost more as I was going through replacement cartridges quite fast. But it was worth it to me. I was finally out of "hiding" and willing to go out in public again (NOT constantly worrying about how hideous my acne covered face looked while I was talking to someone).It's SO simple to use, doesn't hurt at all and eliminates normal acne fast. When you're treating a face covered with cystic acne, it requires more time. I'd sit with a mirror propped up at a nearby table/desk and use it on my cystic acne while watching a movie or something.A major bonus I was NOT expecting is I don't have ANY acne or blemish scars. The heat must prevent scarring. I still get an occasional pimple now and then, but the ultimate bonus is my cystic acne breakouts STOPPED! After using Zeno for several months, my breakouts began lessening, and then I suddenly stopped getting cystic acne breakouts. Maybe it's a coincidence or maybe I did something else that was "correct" but I honestly can't think of anything else to attribute this to.I believe it was 4 to 5 years ago since I last had a cystic acne breakout. As I said, I'll still get occasional pimples, but after consistently treating my cystic acne with Zeno for about six months, my acne vanished without ANY scarring remaining behind. At my worst time, I was going through replacement cartridges quite quickly on my cystic acne (probably needing a new one at least once a month). But that's because they WORKED.I had been blessed with great, nearly flawless skin for 30 years. Developing my first cystic acne breakout when I was in my early 30's was devastating. And these breakouts were severe. I only wished that I had discovered Zeno sooner. It definitely changed my life. I had NO idea how depressing, stressful, frustrating & embarrassing acne could be until I started getting extreme breakouts (and I was an adult when they started, so I can only imagine how difficult and life altering it is for teenagers to go through the same thing).Of course I HIGHLY recommend this product to ANYONE (teens and adults) who are suffering from ANY type of acne (mild to severe). If it has gotten to the point where your acne is lowering your self-image and making you want to "hide your face" from people, it's definitely worth a try. You can't put a price on confidence OR self-esteem. It wasn't even recommended for my type of acne (much less the severity of it), but it DID work. It made my acne "disappear" and eliminated all my flaws. It also lessened the number of breakouts I'd receive as time went by after using it on a regular basis for a few months and even prevented any scarring or blemish "marks" from forming. It even stopped new breakouts from occuring! Really... What more can you ask for?
This book is a real gem ! To anyone writing a book, wanting to write a book, or considering the possibility, buy this book !Here's why. The author shows you how to find a niche and fill it by writing your book, as well as how to sell and promote your book. In addition, you are walked through the steps of negotiating a book deal, shown all the pitfalls, and given sample contracts to use or modify. Even though this book is not directed to those of us who choose to self-publish, don't be dissuaded. I almost didn't buy the book, since this book doesn't focus on self-publishing. Fortunately I bought it and found that there is a bonanza of information for self-publishing types as well as those who choose to be more traditionally published.In addition,the book is filled with inspiring examples of people who weren't authorities, celebrities, or otherwise newsworthy, and who nonetheless wrote books that sold BIG !!! After reading this book, you are forced to release the mental limitation that only authorities write best selling books, which clearly isn't true. Subject matter, research, discipline, good editing and consistent promotion are apparently the keys to producing a best selling book, with finding a low-density niche within a popular category being most important.And finally, this is a highly enjoyable book to read. The author's style is clean, concise, and frequently entertaining. The book reads quickly, and every chapter is chockful of meaty morsels of invaluable information. I have read quite a few books on the subject of writing and promoting books and I found this to be the one I pick up most often, to read through again.The author has done exactly what he writes, CAN be done. He's turned writing into a profitable enjoyable home-based business, and he generously shares all the advantages and insider tips with his readers. Then he lays out how to get there in easy logical steps.I highly recommend this book to anyone who has ever considered writing a book. Whatever your current knowledge level on the subject, this book will add considerably to it.
This is certainly one of the best albums the Albions made. Some may think it a little TOO seventies with it's use of synthesiser and some of it's style,while others will find it an adventurous and totally satisfying musical journey.The many musicians and singers involved (including Graeme Taylor,Ashley Hutchings,Dave Mattacks,Ric Sanders and the wonderful John Tams ) make this a strangely compelling album that seems to hold together as a piece almost despite it's parts.
I purchased this book thinking that it might be an entertaining story in the "fall of civilization" vein, or a realistic look at what happens to "normal" people when order breaks down. Boy was I incorrect...First off the characters in the book are wooden almost one dimensional people, after the first chapter most would realize that these are not people that a normal person could identify with, they are a group of wanna-be soldiers that masquerade as regular people, with their own military structure and code of ethics that really don't seem to be based on the ideals of freedom and justice that the USA was founded on.I could accept that the author had his agenda to push, fine. Myself being a Conservative and a proud gun owner I figured it might be a little ways to the right of what I believe but, whoa. Examples: Linking the Oklahoma City bombing to a government plan to simply scare the American people. The people in the retreat receive via circumventing the law before the "chaos", parts to modify their weapons to fully automatic and it's presented as a good and reasonable thing for someone to do.... right now. Two characters that are introduced via a shootout with state troopers that want to kill (yes kill) them because they didn't have a drivers license when they pull them over. Worst of all the two brothers are held up like champions of the good and just, and of course they are church going Christians.I lost all semblance of connection for any of the characters in the book before I even started to build it. I have to care about what happens to the people in a novel, and when I stopped a ways through the book and asked myself "What would I do if I met these so called "patriots" in a situation like this?", the answer was; Run away, terribly fast.Eventually the only thing you end up caring about is when the real "heroes" show up and kick these people in the teeth, but don't hold your breath because apparently they are what the author considers the ideal template for a good, caring, freedom-loving, citizens. As a safety section worker I'm all for people being able to take care of themselves in a natural disaster or any type of crisis situation, and I would agree that if you turned off the power most people wouldn't know the first thing to do, granted that's pretty sad, but the model that this author presents in this book for people that are prepared and self sufficient is more like small groups of tyrants that would live on little kingdoms accosting anyone who was unfortunate enough to encounter them. The only redeeming thing for these "patriots" is that the people that they are set against in the book are rapists, cannibals, and murders. Honestly I found it insulting as a Christian, a Gun owner and worse as a law abiding citizen.Save your [...] an buy something you could actually use likeWhen All Hell Breaks Loose: Stuff You Need To Survive When Disaster StrikesI wish I had.
As a therapist I run into people with attachment problems all the time. This book can help professionals and other interested people learn how and why the feel, or don't feel, as they do. Dr. Clinton is an excellent writer and makes the subject interesting and useful for both professionals and non-professionals alike. An excellent and not difficult read.
You can't fault this amazing album on it's musical content, which is ferocious and stands the test of time way better than 90% of old-school thrash albums, BUT the 1999 Relativity Records version of the CD is NOT a remaster as stated on it's packaging and in the title on Amazon. I bought it and checked out the tunes in a WAV file editor as well as using the spectrum analyzer function and there is ZERO difference between this edition and the original cd released earlier.
I was very disappointed in this. The noodles had the flavor of cardboard..absolutely no "miso" soup taste at all and I love miso soup. It did have lots of chunks and good things so it looked appealing but no taste. I even checked the date for freshness but that was fine. Unfortunately I don't recommend this one.
The same recording can also be found here:Ensayos, possibly for a better priceThis is an interesting historical document. It's a mono recording (on a Geloso 150) of a quintet rehearsal/intimate concert done at the living room of Dr. Eduardo Lagos in Buenos Aires sometime in late 1960 or early 1961. It represents one of the first documents of the first Piazzolla quintet.Piazzolla (Astor) - bandoneonVardaro (Elvino) - violinGosis (Jaime) - pianoMalvicino (Horacio) - guitarDiaz (Kicho) - bassVasquez (Nelly) - voice (tracks 11 and 12)
Even though I knew I had never read this novel before, I kept encountering passages that made me think I had, indeed, read it before, perhaps because I had read a dozen novels just like it: rich prettyboys are dying of AIDS. Since they know their quality of life is better than ours, they will insist their quality of death is similarly more serious, more important than ours.These young men are rich. The narrator can drop designer names like crazy. Gourmet food is prepared. Glamorous vacations are taken. Divine interior decoration needs more expensive art objects. Classical music is referenced. These are the things that are important to these AIDS patients. Many of the health problems that afflict these characters will be familiar to those of us who have lost dozens (maybe scores) of friends to AIDS. I was particularly hit hard by the suicide-attempt-by-automobile-carbon monoxide, which was the suicide method of the first person I knew to be diagnosed...in 1982.It was difficult to read the week-by-week account of medical diagnoses and treatments, since I went through the exact same thing with so many of my friends. It was like I was reading their time-lapsed obituaries again. There might be froth here and there, but the seriousness overwhelms us each time another health problem is revealed as worse than thought.I can recommend this novel. The prose style is elegant, glittering, and tangy. Epigrams sparkle, though not often enough. My only complaint is that the narrator has a very irritating habit of introducing too many memories along the lines of "I never blah-blah-blahed, except for one or two times when...." He starts too many passages in this exact way. (A proofreader should have caught the frequent typos/errors that deflate the otherwise sophisticated prose.) To borrow the narrator's favorite stylistic quirk, I have never read an AIDS novel this good, except maybe ten or twelve that were better.
When setting up my sewing room and cutting table, I wanted a larger mat than you can usually find. None of the stores sold self-healing mats in sizes larger than 24x36. I wanted 36x48, and I wanted it to be self-healing. I sew apparel as well as make quilts, and I wanted a mat that was large enough to allow me to cut out patterns with my rotary cutter, not just cut pieces for quiltmaking. After much searching I found the Alvin brand online and took a chance by ordering it.I am extremely happy with the quality and performance my mat. It is a little heavier and thicker than the other brands I've seen -- Olfa, Fiskars, and Dritz/Omnigrid, but that is all to the good. I highly recommend this mat to anyone who is looking for a good mat, and especially to those who want one that is larger than the standard.
It should be noted that this 2001 reissue of Hammer'sTHE MUMMY from Warner Home Video has beenremastered. Both color and sound quality are far superiorto the original release of this tape. There is no indicationof this on the box but the tape speaks for itself. The filmhas not looked this good since its original theatrical releaseback in 1959.
Starfleet Command (SFC) is an incredibly deep starship combat game-if you can call it a game. I think of it as more of a simulator, it's so complex. Star Trek nerds will love the many references to Star Trek's realistic technology and those technologies' application to galactic warfare. So I would recommend this game to Star Trek or science fans who like highly technical gameplay...like me! But most games these days are shallow, so new talent beware-this is a SIMULATOR, not a game. Space, the final frontier...
Believe me when I saw the commercials for this film I was like "pass", but when it came out on dvd i saw it on netflix and was surprise how good and funny it was and it didn't look like one of those stupid low budget movies,fired up is simple two guys in high school go to cheerleading camp to hook up with as many girls as possible in what results to lots of jokes and crazy cheerleading and thats about it believe this is still a good movie to watch,you'll have fun with it till the very end.
Peter H. Wood did a thoroughly researched well written history of African-Americans in South Carolina from 1670 to the Stono Rebellion. I am African-American and read this book for the first time in college; it was assigned to me by a terrific professor, (Thomas R. Hietala). I came to that class with my own concept of what slavery was and what it meant; this book totally challenged me to question my perceptions of slavery. I believed the stereotypic view that Africans were brought here and taught skills here and picked cotton and it was all misery and this book and others he assigned showed me how our modern vision of slavery is very shallow.This book focuses on the rice growing region of South Carolina and it shows how slavers concentrated on capturing Africans from the rice coast because of their agricultural knowledge and skills; he shed a light on who these African people were before slavery. It explores how the cash crop in South Carolina came to be rice. How South Carolina was established as a colony of Barbados and the slave owners in South Carolina were formerly working class overseers who worked for the royal owners of Sugar Plantations in Barbados and later became land and slave owners in South Carolina; in both places (Barbados and South Carolina) the populations became Black majorities.It also shows how slavery system in South Carolina evolved for the enslaved from something that was oppressive and informal into something brutal, permanent and hopeless. The evolution of slavery also changed the owners as they became a numerical minority the also became increasingly paranoid, determined to establish brutal absolute authority over the slaves and blinded by their own propaganda.It seems even more astonishing they began to believe that Africans were better off and happy under a system that enslaved them. The most powerful thing Professor Hietala ever said in our class was "Never forget that slaves always wanted ownership of their own bodies and the power to direct their own lives and destinies; nothing was more important."At times I think historians forget this when writing about African-American slaves. Wood understands this and he also shows respect for how enslaved Africans not only yearned for their freedom but how they planned and took risks for their freedom. He explores in depth the complexity and challenges of their struggle in choosing to look at the Stono Rebellion and the events that lead up to this big risk.The story Wood tells begins with the history of these two communities (Barbados overseers who become South Carolina planters and enslaved Africans) continues with the development of the system of slavery in South Carolina and climaxes at the Stono Rebellion. The most fascinating thing about this act of Resistance is how close they came to success. When reading it for the first time I found myself saddened that they did not succeed because their success could have rewritten African-American History by altering the issues that sparked the Civil War and subsequent events; Reconstruction, Jim-Crow and the Civil Rights Movement. In essence their success could have changed my history and had far reaching implications with respect to who I am.I think it is worth reading because of the history it explores and because Wood is an excellent researcher and writer. He not only uncovers the history but he exposes readers to the lives of enslaved Africans in a new way by portraying them as whole human beings who had a life before slavery. He treats with respect their existence and culture in Africa and acknowledges how it (African culture) influenced the economy and agriculture of South Carolina and by inference the South. It is a brilliant well researched and written work, as a student I came to appreciate that brilliant scholars were not always brilliant writers, Wood excels at both. I recommend it highly to any one interested in learning more about African-American history.
I was fortunate enough to catch two screenings of Mary and Max in Singapore. As soon as I popped back to Australia, I picked up two copies of the DVD and one of the Blu-ray.Although made on a small budget (compared to American claymation films/CGI animation) of AUD 6 million, there are plenty of sight gags to keep any audience amused. The story is brilliant in its simplicity (Mary picks a random name out of the US phone book, and it happens to be Max Horrowitz), and shines as we are shown more of Max's history, personality and eccentricities (apparently, being a member of a science fiction club wasn't enough to convince army recruiters to consider Max 'insane' enough to stay out of military service).Phillip Seymour Hoffman shines as a middle-aged Jewish man with Asperger's. A very quiet man, he only speaks twice (in Yiddish). He is able to express himself very eloquently with nothing more than his typewriter (although he frequently suffers from a minuscule attention span).Mary lives with her mother Vera (a kleptomaniac shoplifter), and a father who has one of the most boring jobs in the world (attaching strings to teabags... in a FACTORY!). Her neighbours include the school bully and the stuttering Damien. While the bully (quite likely a future criminal) is very simple and shallow, Damien and the Vietnam veteran turned amputee-agoraphobe certainly aren't.The extras include a brief audition from Young Mary, and a director's commentary track (well worth listening to, and tons of fun). Eric Bana's mini-interview is very elucidating also. I was happy to learn that no minorities were offended (at least according to the commentary). For my part, I only take offense when people (usually religious apologists) trivialise and/or glorify suffering to further their goals of converting people.
I feel priviledged to be among the circle of fans that will be know as donnie's first...In the tradition of talents like D'Angelo, Bilal, Erykah Badu, India Arie, Amel Larrieux, N'Dambi, Yahzarah, Raphael Saadiq, Maxwell, Jill Scott, Julie Dexter and Me'Shell N'degeocello, this is neo-soul(soul music, born of hip-hop culture). And I claim it selfishly. I don't care who else gets it. The boy is bad. And this is a classic.
Zakaria points to a very important issue that sometimes eludes romantic democracy promoters: dictators sometimes come to power in polls! Yet, does he define the phenomenon right? As a political scientist, I used to teach democracy. The basic 'minimalist' definition says, democracy, to put it briefly, is free elections plus concomittant political rights and civil liberty. What he calls 'illiberal democracy' has to be called authoritarianism. If the book is titled 'the rise of authoritarianism' then all the democracy-bashing goes in vain. Yes, elections without rights breed dictators, but this is NOT a democracy.Then, the author brings some questionable examples to justify his case. For some reason, he considers former Kyrgyz president Askar Akaev, ousted in the recent tulip revolution, an example of freely elected authoritarian leader. Not true. He was NEVER freely elected. Akaev was, at some point of his career, an example of enlightened autocrat - that is why West liked him - but then, enlightenment faded.Seemingly most irrefutable example - Boris Yeltsin. But once again, Yeltsin destroyed democratic institutions in 1993 putch - in the name of FREEDOM. He created presidential dictatorship, for example, to push through liberal market reforms - only to have a KGB guy coming afterwards and jailing the oligarchs - and silencing press - and destroying human rights groups - and finally twisting electons...There is one thing I completely agree with Zakaria, though: it is when he emphasizes is the danger of election without freedom - I would say, election without democracy. But then he comes to a conservative, I would call Leo Straussian, and extremely naive, in my belief, solution - enlightened elites guiding ignorant masses. A wishful thinking. Power corrupts; absolute power corrupts absolutely. Elites lose any motivation to govern wisely and moreover to promote freedom once they are not accountable by the masses. Moreover, even if it is true that masses can chose illiberal leaders, Zakaria forgets to mention that the first thing they destroy is actually democratic process and free elections. And when they do not? Then the people have a chance to restore their freedom - through elections, once again. That is what happened in Serbia and Ukraine. In the end, if it is not from the people, there will be no democracy - and no freedom.
"Wasted" is a memoir. It is not a psychology textbook or a guide to recovering from eating disorders.Hornbacher tells her own story--no more, no less. She does so in a gripping, urgent matter and is nothing like the boring, one-dimensional goody-two-shoes "Best Little Girl In the World" anorexic stereotype. This seems to bother some readers, but not me. Hornbacher is a memoirist, not a psychiatrist.Just take "Wasted" for what it is--and take Hornbacher for who she is!
One of the great film noirs of all time. Joan Crawford is in her element as the long suffering mother of a rotten child who drips with contempt for her mother's job as a waitress. I could go on about this movie, but everyone who has heard of it or seen it can attest to its story of hard working mother trying her best to please her spoiled daughter to the point of divorcing her husband to ensure her ownership of a restuarant. Then her second marriage to a penniless and money grubbing twerp who thinks nothing of seducing her daughter, and of course exhausting all means including body and soul just to win the affections and respect from her ungrateful, ruthless daughter. My only complaint is what's with the shoddy cardboard cases? Warner Brothers thinks this is a good way to honor their star? Or are they too cheap to fork over the 50 cents for a sturdy, plastic case? All my movies from warner's from excalibur to billy jack to a cheap copy of Gone with the Wind is given the same ho-hum treatment. Shame on them! Mildred Pierce deserved better! Even 1.00 movies get better.
This cd contains two discs... The first one is the Affirmation Disc (13 tracks) which contains all the songs in the regular Affirmation cd.The bonus disc is called the Declaration Disc (11 tracks)... which was recorded live at the Brisbane Entertainment Center during May 20-21 of 2000. It contains all the recorded live versions of the songs from the Affirmation disc, except for &quot;The Animal Song&quot;.However, the Affirmation Disc has a bonus track, which is &quot;The Animal Song (Hex Hector Club Mix)&quot;... The cd also has a CD Rom feature with detailed notes about the Affirmation CD, video clips, pictures, and links to websites.All of the extra features (the bonus cd, bonus track, and CD Rom features) are not a necessity. But is very collectible for the ultimate Savage Garden fan. Enjoy!
Anyone who appreciates the comedic genius of the late, great Rodney Dangerfield should not pass this book up. In his own inimitable way, Rodney recounts his impoverished childhood in Queens, his strained relationship with his parents, his lifelong battle with depression, his failed first marriage, the monumental setbacks he suffered as he struggled to make a career in show business. Sounds pretty depressing, right? Wrong! This book is pure Dangerfield, chock full of hilarious memories of some of the most celebrated entertainers of the day, not to mention the classic one-liners spread throughout these pages - "I told my landlord I wanted to live in a more expensive apartment. He raised my rent," or "With my wife, I don't get no respect. The other night there was a knock on the front door. My wife told me to hide in the closet." Rodney Dangerfield was truly in a class by himself (and I don't mean facing the wall wearing a "dunce" cap). For anyone who enjoys a good laugh, this book is a must. Trust me on this one and enjoy.
Fans should not fear the Wachowski brothers. The Wachowski brothers should fear the fans.Considering how well the Brothers W dealt with the interweaving of complex ideas in the first Matrix movie, I was willing to be optimistic about their ability to adapt one of the most brilliant works of fiction I'd ever read. I am however, thoroughly disappointed. They might as well have put Keanu Reeves in the role of V.The graphic novel is a thought-provoking discourse on freedom, anarchy, and the price we pay for security. It is many-layered, complex, and intelligent - little of this translates to the screen. Entire characters and plotlines are rewritten or ignored in the film version, and important themes are lost entirely.As a standalone piece of work, it might suck less. But for a fan of the graphic novel, the film adaptation is a poor reflection of a work of genius. Do yourself and your brain a favor - read the book!!!!
If it were just the surface tale of the mystery of who killed Katie Marcus it would still be a page-turner. But Dennis Lehane accomplishes so much more. This is a profound story of loyalty, regret, love and betrayal. Lehane invests every character with a wonderful depth and complexity.The story begins with the childhood abduction of Dave, one of a trio of boys whose friendship at first glance is clearly doomed to not survive adulthood. Dave escapes from his abductors but is never the same. He grows into a haunted under-employed man, who nevertheless has a wife and child now whom he loves as best he can. Jimmy becomes a brilliant thief who reforms after he is sent to jail and loses his first wife to cancer. Sean becomes a detective with a broken marriage. When Jimmy's daughter is killed, the three are pulled together once again. All have secrets that Lehane brilliantly hints at and reveals in page-turning pieces. What caused Sean's suspension from the force? What violent secret from his past is Jimmy hiding? What exactly happened to Dave the night Jimmy's daughter Katie died and whose blood was he covered in when he came home? What is Jimmy's connection to Katie's fiance? Therein lies the surface of the tale but it's in the pained hearts of the protagonists where the tale really lies. He lays bear the contents of their souls and while it's not always pretty, it feels heart breakingly true.So many great moments in this book: Jimmy's love for his daughter, how Dave's wife handles her part in events, the relationship Sean has with his father, how his mother keeps saving newspaper clippings for his wife since she simply must be returning to him, every character struggling in his own tormented way to be the best man he can be, the tragedy of thoughts left unexpressed and then the moment passes forever. I wish I had the ability to express how wonderful this book is. This is a must-read even if you aren't a mystery fan.
I suck at most all FPS games and yet can still play this one. The only other two that lived up to that were CoD4 and BioShock - this is far more fun than those, just due to the sheer volume of content and random details in the game.I never got that into the previous versions, but this game is the best.I would prefer if they relied less on timed missions, where you need to chase someone through the streets and they are much faster than you - but that seems to be this genre.
I bought this switch from Amazon over three years ago and installed it in my attic. The switch is a little loud due to the cooling fans on it but since it's in the attic now it doesn't matter. I'm sure my attic gets well over 100+ degrees but the switch seems to handle just fine. The specs say it's good up to 70 degrees Celsius. It's fairly low powered. (11.75 watt) If done right you could have yourself a nice little 10/100 network with a gigabit backbone.
This cd only has one problem. It's missing Two Hearts Beat as One. Other then that it's a typical best of thats perfect for those who loved U2 in the 80's and didn't want to get all of the albums. Yes, some of the songs run together kind of odd, yes, it's missing a few songs from the older albums but you have to remember it's a best of. Their most popular songs came from Joshua Tree and Rattle and hum so of course those were going to be the high points here. Theres been best of compilations that I have had that totally ignored the first two albums. This isn't a shock at all.This album opens up with a great song and closes with a great song. From there it leaves the door open for a part two to the best of. I'm sure there will be a 90-00 album, but when?The problem is I haven't been a huge fan of U2's 90's material. Achtung was brillant and then after that I lost interest. This best of showed the band in their prime and they seemed like their hearts and their lyrics were all one. Boy and October were great albums, War was brillant, and Joshua Tree was excellent.I'm really shocked at this best of. Most of them are missing two or more songs that I would think should be there. This one is only missing one song. Don't get me wrong, U2 has quite a few great songs that don't appear on this album. But the songs on this cd were the ones I always heard on the radio as a kid.Get this disc. Enjoy it. Play it. Remember when music was great and wasn't as shallow as it is today. U2's music not only moved me but it always made me put some thought into what was being said.
I am currently getting my masters degree in marriage and family therapy and I must say that this is my favorite book so far after one year into my course. While I do agree that the chapters on cybernetics are a little confusing.... To say the least, the chapters on the actual theories explain things with exact precision. I use it as my main reference book and its quickly getting covered with highlighters. Many people are saying this book is too hard for introductory courses and it probably is. However, don't let their negative comments that revolve around introductory courses turn you off.... there is more to life than introductory courses!!! That being said, I think that a person with little knowledge in the field could get a lot of information out of this book if they read slowly and take it one theory at a time.
Go back and do it all again knowing the mistakes to avoid and the opportunities to take advantage of, sounds great right? Jeff Winston thinks so and uses his knowledge of future events to greatly improve on his former life. But, despite all his precautions, he dies again on the same day at the same time as before...only to awaken in his 18 year old body again. All his gains, financial and personal, erased. A blessing or a curse?Who hasn't entertained the fantasy of reliving their life? &quot;If I knew then what I know now...&quot;. REPLAY tells you to be careful what you wish for. Grimwood's tale is very original and thought provoking. Yes some story lines seem to go nowhere but it didn't stop me from enjoying this story nor it will it stop me from reccommending it to others.
I received this set after registering for it. Everything together in one little pack was appealing to me--it seemed more economical to purchase the items included this way and the case great for travel and keeping track of the stuff. And I was right--it's been nice. The nail clippers are perfect and the brush is very soft. I tried using the emery boards, but have found all baby emery boards to be useless. We haven't used the comb or toothbrush yet, but when we do need them, I know where they are!
I wanted this for my wife so she could have a small light on her key chain.This light, when you can get it to work is bright enough. However, this is not a simple 'button' press light. There is a small switch that you must slid, in most cases with your finger nail, up and down to engage the light. In the pictures and even in the description it says, &#34;Constant or Momentary ON/OFF switch.&#34; This is deceiving as well as the picture. Also, the plastic is separating around the bulb. Reviews here of 'solid' construction are inaccurate. The only thing that works is the carabiner clip which is really hard to mess up.I returned one as I thought it was just a flawed item I had received - the replacement was exactly the same so buyer beware - can't believe Smith $ Wesson put their name on this!
I have read many Dean Koontz books...and this one is certainly the least enjoyed. The book started out good...in fact it was interesting for the first 1/2 to ALMOST 2/3rds...but I grew tired of the story line. The ending was confusing...and the plot and presentation...simply did not seem typical of Dean Koontz. If you want to start reading Dean Koontz...please do not read this one... If I had read this one first...I probably would never read anything more from Dean. This book was tough to get through....And I read about 50 books a year. Feel free to send me an email to respond to comment if you would like. I just didn't understand who the girl was at the end of the book-named Nina...but it wasn't his Nina.
My 5-year-old daughter is allergic to every artificial food color so it is difficult to find treats that are tasty and dye-free. This licorice has an excellent natural strawberry flavor. The pieces are a smaller size, which is nice for a child's portion. My only negative is that the texture is a little harder than what you've come to expect with your non-organic full-of-dye licorice, but I found myself gladly chewing a little longer for the wonderful flavor. Besides, it's not a bad thing to have to take a little longer to eat a piece of candy! I'm back to try the raspberry next.
This is quite a time-capsule of a collection. Imagine its 1947, and this new medium is developed and ready to go. On the downside, how will this new medium of television be used? This Howdy-Doody collection shows the developing television medium, especially for children's shows. It is also a trip back to an era of children's entertainment, pre-pc. The innocence and energy are quite refreshing.While the collection is interesting, there is no guide to the main episodes. The episodes included are described as the "most requested" by fans, however, there are no transmission dates (aside from the anniversary episodes on the last disc). One can estimate ballpark years for the episodes, based on quality and sponsors.The developing marketing strategies are fun to see-- by today's standards, the commercials are blatent, and getting the kids to sing the jingles is entertaining. Actually, the kids' enthusiasm for singing everything is wonderful to see.The 'indian' fixation of the show, while dated, isn't quite as bad as I was expecting. The silly broken english used in the characters' lines is ridiculous, but the characters are certainly portrayed as humans, good and bad, like all the show's characters (even if they start 'bad,' or go 'bad,' everyone ends up being friends). By the last episode (broadcast in color, with an amusing early bluescreen shot), this theme seems to have faded somewhat. Taken in context of the late '40s and early '50s, when most of these episodes were done, Westerns were quite big. At least the 'indians' were portrayed in a more positive light than the movies. The marionettes are fairly well done, a bit simple, but no one expected reality back in the day, and they are entertaining.The early episodes appear more like a broadcast radio show than say, a local tv childrens' show in the late '60s or '70s. This adds to the charm. Anyone old enough to have participated in a local childrens' show (such as WOC's Cap'n Ernie's Showboat, for instance) will enjoy this trip back to a earlier era.I'm still not a huge fan of Howdy-Doody, but its a show I'll let my child watch (we do not have cable/satellite, and old tvs).
...when you're gearing up for suicide. This whole album sounds like the last thoughts and comments of a person who's going to just end it all. I found myself suffering nightmares, fatigue, misery and paranoia. My ears unclogged but I started getting headaches and a fuzzy feel in my head. This is not a good album for the stressed, because it will just make you feel worse. I find this album unlikable and mostly unenjoyable. When I first listened to it it sounded inaccessable, after listening to it more and more I started to get more "into" it, but I can't say I found it a good place to be in. It's a somewhat interesting album, but it mostly just dragged me down, made me nervous, numb and hurt my head.People say this is great music. Let them say what they want. Give me some old fashioned enjoyable music that doesn't make a pest of itself. Kid A is just ok to me, and hasn't been worth all the effort to "get into". This almost seems like a sadomasochistic album to spank the listeners. I don't know, maybe I'm missing something, but to hear some "weird" music like this that has miles more heart and is alot kinder to the ears, try "Passengers" by U2.And Thom York sings like a Muppet on this album. By the way I've enjoyed Radiohead's first three albums quite a bit (including Pablo Honey -- why are people always busting its chops).
Ever browse a bookstore and come across a book being marketed as a classic -- except that you've never heard of it? That, for me, is Stoner, by John Williams. Stoner is the last name of the main character, whose life we follow from the time he leaves his small farm household as a youth to attend college.This is a beautifully written story, following Stoner's life as he discovers a love of language and literature, and a love of place at the University of Missouri, where he begins his career.Along the way, Stoner marries and finds love (in that order), enters into friendships and prickly professional rivalries, and seems at times to move through his life with a frustrating lack of insight. This frustrated me to no end as I read: I found myself urging Stoner on to more decisiveness, more backbone, more grabbing of happiness when it was within reach. Yet, I am left with the nagging suspicion that the Stoner we see in this book is more realistic than the Stoner I wanted to see. After all, we all do the best we can without the benefit of hindsight. We aren't guided by an omniscient narrator who can help us think through our next steps. If and when we find happiness, we have to savor it among our various missteps and regrets. Not that we can't be happy or lead happy lives -- it's just that our happiness always has a context.And so it was that, finishing Stoner, I initially felt pretty low, sad for Stoner and his life full of missed opportunities and damaged relationships. That is, until I read an excerpt from an interview with the author, who himself asserted that Stoner "had a very good life.""You never know the results of what you do," continued Williams. "You've got to keep the faith." And this is just what our protagonist Stoner does. Looking back at this book in light of the author's statements, there is indeed a faint glimmer of salvation for all of us as we take our tentative steps, and missteps, through our lives.
This movie reminds me a lot of "Nightmare on Elm Street" and the old movie "Dreamscape" I saw as a child. The killer appears in people's dreams and menaces them with very sharp knives. The dream sequences are pretty darn intense. As with all Tsukamoto's movies, "Nightmare Detective" is extremely imaginative and dares you to think. May be a bit too Eastern for some viewers here in the States. If you are a big fan of other Asian horror films, I think you will like this a lot. I did.
First of all, let me just say that this movie can not be horror. It just can't. How can mutanat killer snowman be scary. I have no idea, and I also think the director had no idea either. Like one reviewer said already, this movie is like an 8th grade video project.This movie starts off when a stupid retard janitor with a dumb hat walks into this lab and starts to clean it when...... are you ready..........are you sure.......ok here it is.....all of a sudden he knocks over some anti freeze collant stuff into this open container. It then goes into this crappy special effect where it zooms in and shows him being transformed into the killer snowman. At this point I, with my two other friends started bursting out laughing. At this point I knew that this movie would be very bad, but in a good, funny way.I don't know why this got an R rating, it wasn't very gory. There was this one scene where Jack pulls out someones eyes, but they looked like white gumballs with ketchup on them. And Jack frosts' costume looks like the ones people wear at Disney World. But whatever. This can not be taken as a horror movie, and I don't know what they were thinking to ever even make this movie. Go rent this movie if you want to see some bad special effects( if you can even call them effects ) and poor acting. The only reason I give this 5 stars is because it was hilarious, and I still can't belive this movie even got made.
What's it about?A 2D animated spin on the origins of Batman and Gordon (before he became Commissioner Gordon), and how their lives come to intertwine.Is it any good?Do we really need another Batman origin tale? I think just about everyone knows the origins of Batman (murdered parents, wealthy entrepreneur etc.), but what makes this movie really appealing and unique is that it follows Gordon's origin. The story is based on Frank Miller's hugely popular graphic novel of the same name, and it really does an amazing job of developing the complexity of Gordon's character. It mustn't be easy for a man to move his life to Gotham City, survive police brutality, become a first time dad, the temptation of having a hot young blonde as a colleague, and chasing down a masked vigilante, all in the space of a paltry 60 minute run time. The voice acting is admirable and the dark toned animation really lends itself to the story, making this film worth watching.Best bit?Gordon races to save his family, with a little help from the caped crusader.Did you know?Batman: Year One was almost adapted as a live-action film to be directed by Darren Aronofsky from a screenplay by Frank Miller. Warner Bros. canned the project in favor of Christopher Nolan.
I like pirate stories and this one was so so. Not really a pirate story but a good basic romance story. Someone mentioned My Fair Lady and I guess that would fit. Good characters. Good descriptive writing. I liked Cliff's family a lot. Not to much sex but enough. I guess this is from a series but I have not read any of the other books. I did like the authors writing well enough. Just a good romance that I would recommend you to try.
Just bought them and tried them with my portable and non-portable devices and they are very soft, particularly in contrast to the phones I already own (i.e., Koss Portapro). Based on my comparison test, these are extremely low-volume headphones that require you to turn up the volume on your devices and when you do, there's no bass. Incredibly, for huge cups over the ears, as far as surrounding noise seeping in, it's as if you have on no headphones at all. These headphones look great but the looks are deceiving. Sony's just not as reliable for quality as it used to be. They are very inexpensive but as cheaply made as the price indicates. Guess you get what you pay for with these. If you think the price is too good to be true, that's because it is. BTW, I'd give them 2 stars but I'm trying to lower the mean-rating of 3.5 stars.
I know this film came out almost five years ago, but I just watched it again last weekend and I can't resist logging onto Amazon and telling you how inspiring this story is.I'll skip talking about what a great actor Russel is (and he truly is) and jump right to the heart of the story. Ridley Scott has created for us a tale of a man who was born to be a warrior but who at heart is a gentle, sad, kind hearted man who wants nothing more in life then to honor his wife and son, and the depths to which he searches his soul to reach that goal left me more aware of my own place in life and how I must strive harder to lead a more fulfilling existence.I don't see this as an action film. Okay, I know that it IS of course, an action film, but to be honest the fight scenes are few and far between. Yes, there is some blood and gore. No, it is not excessive. Yes, people die. No, it is not glamorized.The real story takes place out of the Coliseum and comes to life in the dialog: Maximus (Crow) with his soldiers and fellow gladiators, Commodus (Joaquin Phoenix) with his sister, Commodus with the Senators, Maximus with the child Lucious. The dialog is remarkably well written, and the acting is stunning. THIS is where the real story takes place.And to punch-down what was already a timeless masterpiece, the cinematography, the special effects and the music are humbling in their perfection. Normally these are aspects of a movie I don't pickup on until the second or third time watching it, but in Gladiator ever element is so rich and beautiful that you can't help but be impressed with all of it from the very first time you watch it.This film is not for everyone. Despite how inspiring it is I don't think I would like my own son watch it until he is well, well into his teenage years. But when he's ready, we will certainly enjoy it together.
for those of us who've followed Barry Manilow throughout his varied career, HERE AT THE MAYFLOWER is a homecoming in every sense of the word. This is barry's first original album in ten years, and it was definitely worth waiting for. Each song is a peek behind the door of one of the residents of a fictional apartment complex called The Mayflower. The musical styles on this album are as varied as the residents themselves--from wistful ballads such as BORDER TRAIN and SHE SHOULD HAVE BEEN MINE to the humorous and upbeat COME MONDAY and FREDDIE SAID, to the broadway-like NO ONE IS WHAT THEY LOOK LIKE and I MISS YOU, HERE AT THE MAYFLOWER offers something for everyone. and through it all, Barry showcases his stellar songwriting with a voice which is as fine and clear today as it was thirty years ago. I greatly enjoyed the retrospective and tribute albums he's put out in the last ten years, but this is barry at his best!!!
This is a favorite toy that has stood the test of time. Although it's simple - it teaches so many things - colors, stacking, sizing - and children can practice fine motor skills while problem-solving. You can't go wrong with this old favorite!
The big miss here is nothing from album II. Album II features some great tracks, but most of all it is important because of the production work of Robert Fripp, making it a landmark album in Gabriels' musical journey, begining to shape the sound of things to come. "On The Air", "DIY", would have made HIT an excelent overview of Gabriel's musical journey.
Yanni has been quiet for a while but I was so happy to see this concert. Great new songs as well new renditions of some of the old ones. Another classic...
Six year old grand kids loved this book. They look for it now when they come over because they can successfully draw familiar cartoon characters, then detail the costumes and situations as they choose. I was inspired by a visit to the Charles Schultz Museum in Santa Rosa. Schultz drew the Peanuts cartoon strip, and I noticed he had an entire collection of these types of drawing books in his library. Step-by-step methods teach kids to think ahead and give them a feeling of success. It's the same way we learned to read, through imitation of successful models.
Sam Brown it's one of the most talented singers (really) i've EVER listened in my life. I knew nothing about her until I started to listen to progressive rock (Big fan now) and watched the PULSE video (P. Floyd). And she totally rocked my world. Her voice solo in "The Great Gig In The Sky" brought me to tears so...I started to look for her all over the web. I finally I bought this AMAZING record and I confirmed all my doubts. She is a great musician and an even greater singer. If you've reached here and spent loads of time in finding about her, then buy this record. You won't be dissapointed. Guarantied.A ...Hope I was helpful, bye
This beautiful thong is great for curves. The details, especially the way it curves in the back are amazing. Goes great with the matching bra.
I have done a lot of reading on Belfast and the IRA during my work on a novel about a musician who grows up in Belfast and moves to Minnesota. During the course of my own writing I have had many many questions about what his childhood would be like and if I am being realistic in my portrayal of this character. This book was an excellent resource for me, and based on the information in it, I have made some revisions to my character.Belfast Diary gives the reader not only a &quot;factual&quot; picture of life in the war-torn city, but also evokes the spirit of the place. Many times, as I read, I found myself with tears in my eyes at the extreme conditions Belfast natives accept as &quot;normal.&quot;Conroy lived with Catholics in a Catholic neighbourhood as he wrote this book, so I have to admit it has a republican slant to it. I admire Conroy for putting himself into the poorest parts of the city and experiencing life there for himself. This is an excellent book.
I enjoyed this move. I thought it had character and realism. That said, I think it is wrong to call it a comedy. It is a fairly hard hitting movie that has very graphic violence and a gritty taste. The comedy is almost all based on tragedy.I don't recommend it for folks that aren't ready for movie that is rated R based on violence and needs to be.Good movie, but don't be fooled by characterizations you may read.
Buy this series if you liked walking with the dinosaurs. Filmed in great locations and the CGI is actually pretty impressive, much better than the later BBC shows.
The Republican "talking heads" have become some of the most repulsive creatures in American politics, no less than Michael Moore. Coulter and the Neocons have gutted and dismantled the party of Ronald Reagan- while claiming to be its legitimate heirs.Not true.If you want to read a REAL conservative book, check out WHERE THE RIGHT WENT WRONG by Pat Buchanan. It will help you understand why the Repubs are doomed.
I'm so tired of everyone looking for Shakespearian perfection in every film, bottom line, it's a dumb comedy, so turn your pompous search for meaningful dialogue and great script-writingoff and enjoy the laughs. It's a comedy, not Macbeth. I kept hearing how horrible it was, well guess what, surprise, surprisethe critics were wrong again! If you enjoyed the first film, you'll love the second, it was every bit as funny, if not funnier. I don't laugh easy either, but it had me rolling most of the film, in tears laughing at times. I know when to be critical and when to put the brain on pause and just enjoy a good old fashioned laugh. It has that Farelly Brothers-type gross out humor, if you enjoy that sort of thing which I do, then you'll enjoy this. If not, go rent 'Annie Hall,' and spend needless hours pining over the film's lighting and set direction, you know, 'the important things in film'...rolls eyes.
Fernando Ortega is one of the best artist around. Really like his music. It is trully of the Lord. Everything I have heard of his has been first class. I will be buying more of his music for sure. I had heard a song of his on KHCB 92.5 and knew it would be good. Fernando Ortega is blessed person to have a voice like his, I think the Lord is lifted up and praised with his music.
I listened to "I, Mordred" as a recorded book (read by Steven Crossley). I checked it out of the library not expecting much -- how could someone write a sympathetic "autobiography" of Mordred, the man who destroyed Camelot? But it was actually very engaging and plausible, within its fantasy history. And Crossley's reading was excellent.Warning: possible spoilers ahead for those who like to discover a book's characters for themselves through reading.As one who enjoyed T.H. White's classic Arthurian novel "The Once and Future King," I found it interesting to read a completely different take on the characters. Arthur is so noble he's almost a figurehead here. Guinevere and Lancelot barely appear as characters at all (the main story ends without telling its well-known conclusion in detail). Merlin the wise advisor is extremely unsympathetic if not evil, and Nyneve (sp), the sorceress who enchants and imprisons him, is good. (There's a little feminist thread running through the novel as well.) Gawaine is coarser and bloodier than in TOaFK, and Gareth is essentially a carbon copy of his brother, a complete departure from the beautiful, gentle Gareth in TOaFK. Pellinore, who was an amiable clown in TOaFK, is a loathesome brute in "I, Mordred."The story covers only the first two years of Mordred's time at Camelot, and the device that is used to explain how this sensitive young man came to be capable once and for all of such calcutated evil is a little (but just a little) weak. But all in all this was a compelling book to listen to and it succeeded well in painting a sympathetic portrait of a man whose good will and best efforts could not change his fate.
I bought this to replace an electric kettle. Obviously the hot water for coffee and tea is ready sooner now since it is boiled and kept hot long before I need it. The vacuum flask design helps conserve some of the heat so it does not have to consume electricity all the time.The main defect I can identify so far is the temperature reading is inaccurate. I use a Fluke infrared thermometer calibrated to within 1% and it gives instant readings. The hottest temperature of the water I've read during the maintenance phase of a 208 setting is 188F. This was coming out the spout. I took readings inside the reservoir also but didn't find it hotter than 187F immediately after opening the lid. The readout displays 212F when boiling and claims a steady state temperature of 208. I am at 4790 feet altitude where water boils at about 203F given typical barometric pressures. The vessel isn't pressurized, so it's certainly not going above 203. Setting it at "208" doesn't maintain anything hotter than 188 (following the initial boiling), and it creates an excessive amount of vapor coming out the vent continually. Obvoiusly some of this is simply a result of my altitude and the laws of physics. I can't blame the product for those things. However, the temperature settings and indications are simply false. I expect them to be correct. As it is, it's not clear whether the device uses some kind of thermostat or just presets. I am forced to use the "195" setting unless I want quite a bit of steam coming out of the vessel continually (it's not a full boil inside but maybe nucleant boiling near the element going on at "208" setting)
I use this for so much more than turning fish. It is wonderful for flipping any large item and serving things like cannoli, manicotti, lasagna, etc. I have purchased more of these as gifts as I found them to be so versatile.
This is an extraordinary cookbook and, at least in the French edition, a book printed on paper so luxurious as to make the volume weigh twice as much as you might think it would. But, to the cooking: these are sumptuous and wonderful recipes and preparations by one of the great contemporary French chefs. The outlook on food and eating does assume that you have ready and easy access to both truffles and caviar. There are extensive photos and text about the Joel Robuchon restaurant, and also about the purveyors and sources of many of the food types. A lovely book in every way, but not a Julia Child hand holder for the beginner or for those unprepared to spend what it takes to use the ingredients called for in the recipes. First rate.
Once you watch this DVD you will never watch it again, because Mr. Williams cross the line to bad taste and unpoliteness.I think he doesn't need that. I wanted music. He doesn't seem natural, and although with a regular voice, he doesn't convince.
These two novels (the author's third and fourth, respectively) make for a pretty good introduction to the strange world of Alain Robbe-Grillet. I tend to think of his books as post-modern detective stories, in which the mystery to be solved is nothing less than existence itself; that the reader often finds himself in the dark is very much to the point. They should be interesting to anyone looking for an off-the-beaten-path read.&quot;Jealousy&quot; (the better of the two) deals with a love triangle in a remote African plantation... which may or may not be all in the narrator's mind. It's creepy and enigmatic. &quot;In the Labyrinth&quot; is a vaguely Kafkaesque tale about a soldier attempting to deliver a mysterious package in a vast, unnamed city. Admittedly, Robbe-Grillet is not the most approachable of authors, but these densely composed novels amply pay off the attention required to read them.
This was one of those albums that opened my ears and my eyes and made me see the way hehe. I was tearing through a stack of vinyl at some old record shop and there it was. I played it non-stop for days. Well my record player broke but thats when I got it on cd.Romeo's Distress, Dream for Mother, Figurative Theatre, etc, their all classics. The band was so young yet so talented. Theres so much energy on this album it's incredible. Even if you're not a fan of death rock you should still have this in your collection. It's a album that made a huge impact on so many musicians.Now Hanson is probably about the same age as Christian Death was at the time of this album. So theres no exuses to why Hanson is so untalented :).
This is a great 5-part (50 min per episode) program about ancient Egypt. One star is deducted because Kultur authored the programs in non-anamorphic widescreen. If you no longer use a 4:3 TV, you get to watch a postage-stamp sized picture on your widescreen TV (black bars on top and larger black bars on the sides). Hell, the picture is even smaller than you would see when watching a standard 4:3 program on a widescreen TV. I would ramp my review up to 5 stars if Kultur would remaster this title! Don't be fooled by the 16:9 widescreen format listed on the back--unless, of course, you're still watching on a 4:3 TV!
First of all, I would like to say that I came late to the Frasier game. I started watching it after syndication. What always impressed me about Frasier is that the show seemed to have hit the ground running. Most TV shows need to warm up in the first season before they get really good, but Frasier was excellent from the very first episode. I was rarely able to catch the show during its normal time slot and when it wasn't being shown on the other channels as much, I stopped watching.However, I was able to get a hold of Seasons 1 - 3 on DVD and fell in love with the show again. And I have now seen the shows of this final season (which I never saw when they first aired). The shows of this season were great and I found myself cracking up like I did when watching the older episodes. Episodes that stood out for me were "Murder Most Maris", "High Holidays", "Boo!", "The Doctor is Out", "Maris Returns", "No Sex Please, We're Skittish", and "Caught in the Act". However, I found something was lacking here that I had seen in the earlier episodes. I can't put my finger on it, but it seemed that the show had fallen into a rut. You could tell that there are only so many ideas that TV writers could come up with. It was a wise move to end the series now before it got stale and unwatchable. I'm sure many probably think that the show by season 11 was already unwatchable, but I disagree.In my opinion, Season 11 is definitely not Frasier's best, but it's pretty darn good and it provides excellent closure for all of the characters. It's definitely a season that every Frasier fan should see and own. However, I am more anxious for Seasons 4 - 7 to be released. I'm rather mystified by Paramount's decision to release the final season now and keep us waiting for older shows that many consider to be better than more recent episodes.And for those you who don't already know, Paramount will be releasing the other season at an accelerated pace with Season 4 being released in early 2005. So, be patient, it will be here before you know. However, I think season 11 is entertaining enough to pass the time until that happens. But, I can't help but feel that Seasons 1 - 3 are a bit better.
This great little gun has been much used for all sort of my projects fr over 10 years. It is a knock-off China copy of an excellent design.If you want the fantastic quality and perfection of a Binks, then you will still probably want to buy a Binks. In my case, I have used several of these guns for everything from automotive painting to spraying Varithane on wood products (I use a specific gun for a specific type of paint, they are so inexpensive, this is very reasonable to do.) Do not try to mix - use a gun for each type of material used.They are, simply put, throw-away type of guns. Eventually, the seals, gaskets, etc get all leaky and it dies. It is not worth fixing by that time (several years if cared for well) and it is time to replace it. This gun will give you a lot of great service if cared for reasonably, and assembled correctly........it has very few parts: it is a small size gun for small jobs where a HVLP type of gun is not warranted or needed. My last one, I used for over 10 years.... and at this price, that is less than $10 per year. This is why I give it 5 stars.... if you buy it for the right use and purpose, you will NOT be sorry you bought it. If it dies in 3 years, you got your money out of it even then. How can you lose with the Amazon customer service if you accidentaly got a dud... that is not likely anyway.Enjoy!
Frankly when I decided to finally breakdown and get a DVD burner, I looked a long time before deciding on this drive. I wanted a product that I wasn't going to have to fight with to get it in my PC and worked as advertised. Unfortunately you never know how something is going to work until you've plunked down your hard-earned coin, gone through all the hassle of taking your case apart, fitting everything back in, putting it together, and only after firing it up do you actually know that maybe it's gonna work - or maybe it won't. Who need's that hassle?When deciding on anything for purchase I really only have two criteria: the reputation of the manufacturer and the opinion of other customers. I freely admit to being a Sony partisan - every appliance I've ever bought from them has been a winner and when I finally do buy something with the Sony logo and it doesn't work flawlessly out of the box, I will weep like a jilted lover. But sooner or later, it's gonna happen - you know it and I know it.So that takes me to the customer ratings: the opinions of fellow consumers who've been there and done that. While the customer satisfaction rating is high, it'd only been rated by 2 or 3 people when I decided to take the plunge. And I'm leery of evaluations by someone who's never evaluated anything before. Maybe I'm just paranoid, but I generally take look to see if the reviewer has a track record and consider that angle as well. So, after all that, I hit on this drive and decided to take a chance. It was a good call.The computer I was working with was only about a year and half old (or middle aged in terms of techno-life span) and I think that's going to impact whether or not you have success with any upgrade. Also, I'm not your average bear when it comes to PC's - I've been in this game since CPM was an actual O/S and a huge hard drive was 10MB and reserved for the military: no one else could afford one. That said, this drive was a dream to install and configure. When installing the drive, check with your PC's manufacturer or documentation, but if your PC has been thrown together in the last two years, use the "cable select" option; for older systems, I'd recommend replacing an existing drive and making this the master drive.Microsoft (love 'em or hate 'em) is the biggest software company in the world for a reason - most of the time their stuff works as advertised. In this case, XP immediately recognized and installed the drive with no more interaction from me than just turning the system on.Having gotten this far (and before doing anything else) go to Sony's website and download the firmware update for this drive. One point: before running the update you're advised to turn off DMA transfer mode, which is done in Windows device manager. It's beyond the scope of this review to give you detailed technical instructions, but using any web search engine will easily walk you through the procedure. Having done that, reboot your computer. When it comes back up, you're ready to install the Nero DVD authoring software that comes bundled with the drive. It sounds like a lot of work, but in reality it only took me about an hour to accomplish all that and start making my own DVD. And it worked flawlessly in my home theater. The sound was the biggest surprise - who knew home movies could sound so good?So I highly recommend this drive. It works great and the Nero software is a breeze to use. But, as Dennis Miller used to say, "that's just my opinion. I could be wrong."
As always, Marquand's thoughtful novels address universal issues in a very personal way. It is interesting to reflect on his 1939 perspective about politics in the United States in view of the world situation today. So many of the observations still fit to a tee. Reading this book is like spending time with old friends, smart ones who help you to understand that there is no going back and that life isn't fair.
I didn't buy the DVD, yet...I love this movie. It's sweeping vistas, it's awesome characters and Charlton Heston is so damn sexy...he oozes testosterone...it's a really great movie, and it has Charlton Heston with his shirt off, did I mention that? Great movie...truly excellent story line, love the excellently creepy Chuck Connors if you're thinking Rifleman, think again. Burl Ives is phenomenal, he always is, I'm a huge Burl Ives fan...and Charlton Heston has his shirt off ...did I mention that? Damn, he was sexy.
this CD is true, from-the-gut pure anger and brooding. It makes music these days look like themes from sappy disnee movies. A MUST-HAVE METAL CD. PERIOD.
Her voice is definitely unique and very recognizable. Her hits "Circle In The Sand" and "I Get Weak" were some of the most memorable songs from the mid to late 80s. An excellent album that should never go out of print, but perhaps looks like it has from what I can tell here. Also, another great rendition of "I Get Weak" (another one of songwriting guru Diane Warren's excellent creations) is performed by rising young artist Jordan McCoy (discovered by P. Diddy), who does "I Get Weak" justice.
that a better pianist would record this beautiful music. It is adequate, but not great CPE Bach and JC Bach's works are difficult to come by and it seems that most top performers don't want to record their workIf anyone hears of a more proficient recording, please comment, thanks
This case is perfect for a small digital camera, such as a Nikon compact (not SLR). Comes with a belt loop and strap. Seems to be well built.
Benjy, the family dog, has been relegated to sleeping outside in a new doghouse that the family has built. But he doesn't want to sleep outside, feels unloved, and sets out exploring into the night. He takes up with a neighborhood baker who feeds him snacks, and gives him a warm place to spend his nights sleeping away from the family. Eventually, the baker has to put him out, but all is well since the faily decides he can sleep in the house again.
I recieved my CD yesterday, I had never heard anything by the artist before and I bought it off a whim. It is an amusing listen, Laurell has a pretty voice and the songs sound like they come from the early 90's pop/rock with a soft floaty tone. &lt;&lt;looking>> It was copyrighted in '86, which I usually wouldn't think about as a way to judge new age artist... but this just really fits the genre in a not to serious way. The songs are cute, floaty, and easy to listen to, even at times to really smile on the inside. There was some really deep catchyness with a few of the songs. Where I felt the album was limited was that of the six tracs (so the album is short as they are regular sized songs)(one is hidden and I haven't been able to listen to it on my walkman) two of them weren't remarkable for me, though the other three were very enjoyable. I don't think that this cd will be among the ones that will get much use in my collection, even though I would probably share one or two songs with others.
This movie was cloying, sentimental, sappy, banal, trite and boring. Tim Burton's movies all look alike. And as an Alabamian, the stereotypes of the south were annoying, and at times offensive. Avoid this turkey.
This is a good, sturdy bath lift. It works smoothly and the battery stays charged for a quite a few days. The bather is always in control of the rate of the lift and descent into the tub. The price on this is excellent. I priced bathtubs with built in lifts and they cost into the thousands. The only caution; If your tub has any kind of patterning or graininess in the base, the suction cups won't work. The suction cups on the bottom of the lift adheres to smooth surface tubs only. On a smooth surface, the suction is very powerful and the lift is very secure. This is a good lift for injured or older people. A paraplegic person can use this. Using it allows for independence in bathing or bathing with very little assistance. The remote is very simple to operate. Set up is very easy...no tools required. Battery needs a 24 hour charge before lift can be used.
I read this book despite the reviews about the enforcement of marital rights, the attitude of the hero, etc. For whatever reason, those things did not bother me.The thing that struck me about this book was the overwhelming stupidity of the heroine. How stupid is she? Let me count the ways. She is so stupid that she is shocked and angry that her husband wants to have sex with her. Come on. No woman in her day and age(or even this one) would expect a man to marry you, provide for you and never,ever plan to sleep with you.For a woman whose mother was a whore and had a roommate who was a whore(who in fact "took care of business" in the same room as Cassie) the heroine was ridiculously naive. The stupid girl even asked herself the idiotic question that finds its way into most bad historical romances "will it fit"? Oh please Cassie, shut your ignorant mouth. The hero had to explain to her the ways of sex. Come on. Given her background, she should have been able to tell him a few things.Let me get back to how stupid she is: stupid enough to trust people she has every reason to fear. Stupid enough to run away, while very pregnant, with no thought as to how she would take care of herself or her baby, endangering them both. To distrust the only person in her life who ever helped her or treated with an ounce of respect-AFTER deciding to start over and build a life together.There is more, but I dont want to beat a stupid horse. So very bad.
I checked the evidence that homeopathy can cure parasitic infestations. There is none. No evidence whatsoever.All this product is, is sugar pills.Don't waste your money.
This is my favorite tv series, but Season 1 is definitely not without its flaws. Certain episodes bore me to tears ("The Green Room", "Higher Education", and "April Is The Cruelest Month" with Chandler. Yes, THAT Chandler) and Brandon has a new love interest in almost every other episode. And he pretty much ran the gamut from a friendless 'poor little rich girl", a teenage single mother, his old sweetheart from minnesota, a supposedly talented tv actress (who was one of the most annoying characters ever), and at the end of the season Andrea Zuckerman (almost). The best episode of the season is "Perfect Mom". When Jackie Taylor shows up to host the mother/daughter fashion show high as a kite is just priceless. Anyway, things only get better from here up until Season 3 so enjoy it while you can.
These earbuds aren't bad at all and really nice for average buds and for the price. I bought em couple years ago and I still use them... because they still work unlike some other ones. Straight 2.0 jacks never works for me cause they always get damages the way I use them but this has L shaped jack and it works perfect for me and the joints and the wire itself is very flexible so they don't break down easily. Only thing I personally didn't like was the the length difference.
What a tearjerker! I cried through most of this book. It was amazingly well written with a host of well-developed characters. I can't say much without giving away key story points, but the quick overview is that it's a love story that will tug at your heartstrings.The only downfall is that there is a lot of religion, which lessons it's appeal to me. I did not expect that to be a central theme. Despite that aspect, it's still a fabulous book.
This game is awesome. I bought it about a week ago, despite the reviews. Well, the reviews were WRONG. The loading time is, if any, 5 seconds. It can be a bit difficult at times, too. Oh, plus, it is mainly a game, NOT the movie, as a few people had said. It's more playing the game than watching the clips from the movie. If you are a fan of Nemo, or underwater games, buy this.
I REALLY wanted to like this movie. I really did. But anyone thats KNOWN a single gang member (I grew up in these neighborhoods, it aint pretty, and it aint even like "COPS"), the typical ones; brain ruined from a lifetime of tragedy, horror, drug abuse, malnutrition, neglect, sociopathic behavior and pure evil... NONE of the characters displayed any of this in the film. Every so-called "thug" was just a "Oh, I'm sad and lonely, but I'm a good kid inside with a tough wall up guarding my feelings" OH SHUT UP. That alone ruined the movie. NONE of what REALLY happened with the real punks this movie is based on is in the movie...read around on the Net after you see this glorified piece of garbage.Oh, and why cant Hollywood make a movie about a WHITE guy trying to save these kids? ESPECIALLY WHEN ITS THE TRUTH? Nope, can only portray Whites as evil perpetrators of 'disadvantaged' youth. fact is, and look it up for yourself, the Coach says that the schools that finally gave him a break only did so after a legal threat, and they assumed since the Coach was white, the players would be too, thinking they had a "White, and less violent" brand of incarcerated youth. The movie twists this around, making everyone involved look like hardcore racists, when that simply isnt true.This movie should be re-done, and the pulp-fiction style of jumping from one story to another should be removed. You never know the characters, or whom the other people are, or WHEN anything happened. They make up fake gang rivalries which simply arent like that at all in real life. Hey, I knew Jerry Walker from Burleigh St in Milwaukee, I know what I'm talking about. Hollywood must have asked a writer for Seinfeld to write this script.At least the end of the DVD shows the real coach, and the messed-up mindset of the REAL kids interviewed at this facility. One kid was obsessed with gaining approval from his mom...two words out of him and you know his mind is messed up. THATS the reality of gang life...a messed up mind and nowhere else to go. THATS why they never leave. The AWFUL acting of these people ridicules the entire story.
I was not impresed with this book. While everything is sorted it is still kind of piled together(small print and crapping newprint paper with no space between anything). I looked up some of my favorite and the recipes were messed up.
Dan Hedaya gives an Oscar worthy performance.
This true story reads just like a novel. It's the story of Sultana, a fiery Princess for the ruling house of Al Sa'ud in Saudi Arabia. Throughout her personal experiences we learn a lot on the status of women in the country regardless of their social rank, and it shows how the culture that they cherish and accept to a certain degree is also one that they hate but have very little power over. This is fascinating and I highly recommend the trilogy to anyone who is interested in women in Saudi Arabia. I also recommend another book "Nine parts of desire" by Geraldine Brooks, which covers the same topic.
I have to say this was an absolutely great book!! I read it straight through! I laughed, cried and got really mad and the heroine! Definitely a keeper and am looking forward to devoring the second book in the Merry Widows series!
This is a real favorite in our house. My son has loved it since he was two and I still sometimes tear up when I read it though it is very genuine and not overly sentimental. The illustrations are flat out gorgeous. The sense of place it creates is very real, perhaps especially for those of us who have experiences loving the land in rural places. The love between the boy, his grandparents, parents, and the love they all demonstrate for the land, plants, and animals around them is inspiring. I also love that it depicts a boy doing fun, interesting things and being loving and nurturing with his family.
Great book for those who love to entertain and cook for others. Their themes are unique but easy to pull off, and I love how they also have crafts ideas on party favors, flower arrangements, decorating ideas, etc. in addition to the recipes. Probably my most favorite entertaining book so far.
Here is a collection of most of Camouflage's best tracks, but with a couple of obvious ommisions. Where are &quot;That Smiling Face&quot; and &quot;Anyone&quot;? Also, a few of the tracks here hardly seem to qualify as their best(&quot;A Picture of Life&quot;, &quot;Strangers Thoughts&quot;, &quot;I Once Had A Dream&quot;). The remix of &quot;Love Is A Shield&quot;, however, is quite good.
Although their sounds are distinct, this album reminded me of Dissection's "Storm of the Light's Bane" on one level. They're both catchy, accessible, and atmospheric, but not commercial. I don't necessarily look for accessibility in black metal. After all, Emperor's rather difficult "In the Nightside Eclipse" is my favorite black metal album. However, it is nice for a change when you can love a black metal album on first listen without putting too much effort into it. This is definitely one of those albums. This may be true for Cradle of Filth, Dimmu Borgir, and their clones, but those bands are only accessible because their music doesn't have as much depth or lasting value as the true black metal elite. [Note: This isn't to say that they are bad. Cradle isn't my taste, but I can stand Dimmu.]Like much of black metal, it is missing the point to describe it on purely musical terms. Like most other black metal classics, it is the atmosphere which makes this album enjoyable. It's not particulary sadistic or sad. It's simply dark and grim. Necro, if you will. If any album conjures up images of the frozen north, it would be this one. It's the perfect album for dark, wintry days.If I were to rank my favorite black metal albums, this probably wouldn't make the top 5, but I'd put it in the bottom half of the top 10. If you're new to Immortal, start here. There isn't a weak track to be found.
Great sdtrk, the music is soaringly romantic and gothic.Gerard Butler sings with beautiful emotion infusing passion where needed (i.e Point of No Return)and allowing his phantom to gain the sympathy of the audience. Emmy sings her parts beautifully with an ethereal, celtic-like quality to her voice. There is this awesome melancholic tone to her voice in Wishing You Were Somehow Here Again that I didn't get from Sarah Brightman in the Original Cast Recording. Patrick Wilson sings handsomely as Raoul. The Broadway actor saves Raoul's seemingly annoying character from being disliked by the crowd. He doesn't sound muffled, wimpy, out-of-date, boring, or stuck-up. His voice sounds crystal clear, young, romantic, and very manly.The music is lush! it's fun, dark, romantic, sexy and tragic.I really feel that it does justice to the musical and is able to stand on it's own.I wholeheartedly recommend it, the only major problem with it is that many people have a problem with Gerard's voice. And while at the beginning I was one of them, I soon noticed something very different between the tenors who otherwise sang the phantom's part and Gerard. Granted that he is no tenor, but the actor sings with this feeling, conveying EMOTION and not just skills. The phantom's supposed to have an angelic, soaring, voice? Well gee, Michael Crawford sure didn't fit that description and still after eons have passed since the musical he gets all the praise. I haven't heard one actor that played the phantom fit the above description; so why should Gerard be bashed on? Infact, he's one of the best phantom's that I've heard and seen and that's overloooking his obvious attractiveness. The other guys may have the voice, but Gerard has the feeling, and that's far more crucial because the story dwells on a man full of passion and pain, and well, Gerard brought it out very nicely!Besides, it's a FANTASY rendition of the phantom tale, not some documentary that has to be precise. Give the man credit for his notable scotsman courage to be able to take on this grand role. Even if you didn't like him, give him the merit he deserves people!
I loved the whole album, her voice is fantastic, the songs are soulful and rockish. I would buy her next cd in a sec. by the way she is in herbie hancock's new cd "possibilities".
I bought this, after trying several other sharpening products. None worked particularly well. This included. It does a barely adequate job of sharpening, inconsistantly and with minor blade scratching. Not a fan.
This is the second Invicta watch I purchased that was defective. In this case, the automatic movement began working (after some initial winding) but I was surprised to see that it had stopped in the middle of the day (while wearing it). I cranked it up and again, it stopped after a couple of hours. This pattern continued to repeat before I finally decided to return it for a refund. Yes, its a nice looking watch (if a common and tired design) and is sold for a great price, but I'm now quite skeptical of Invicta's quality. I had previously purchased the very similar (but smaller) style #8932 from another store and it had the same issues of running for a while, then stopping. Which was even more surprising in that case since it was a battery-powered quartz movement (battery replacement was no help). So I guess if you are one of the lucky ones to get a good unit you have a real bargain - if not, you may be out of luck and late for your appointment!
Let me begin by saying that, if you're a fan of PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE, CAT WOMEN OF THE MOON, ROBOT MONSTER and similar awful movies, this pastiche is certainly worth RENTING (but probably not worth purchasing). The dialog is funny in places, and there are a few genuine belly laughs. The generic production music is especially good (though a bit too hi-fi sounding).Unfortunately, THE LOST SKELETON falls rather short as an authentic re-creation of classic low-budget thrillers. The editing is too sophisticated; scenes that should have been presented as tedious medium shots are presented in a series of cross-cut closeups. The dialog (especially the Skeleton's) contains too much contemporary slang to be credible. Character names are obviously corny; no self-respecting director, not even one of modest talent and questionable taste, would ever call a major character &quot;Kro-Bar.&quot; The resulting film plays like a black and white version of ROCKY HORROR: amusing, yes, but you're laughing WITH the cast and crew, not AT it.Genuinely bad movies are inept, but genuinely sincere. LOST SKELETON is just silly, and too clever for its own good. Nice try, but no cigar.Want a REAL laugh? Check out THE CREEPING TERROR, easily the most gawdawful, side-splittingly hilarious example of this wonderful genre. And it's the REAL thing!
I am so tired of people laughing at and making fun of Xanadu! All I have to say is if you cannot see what is so beautiful about this film I am very sorry for you. The concept is exquisite. "Kyra" is one of 9 muses, a daughter of Zeus, and she appears to inspire a disillusioned painter and a musician in the autumn of his life.I can watch the opening sequence "I'm Alive" over and over again! When the mural of the 9 muses comes to life, with each ancient sister encircled in colorful light and they start to dance...Sandahl Bergman looking spectacular!...it still takes my breadth away. Enjoy it. Please. As Kyra says, "come take my hand..."
Installed quickly and easily. Hard to find 3" venting accessories. I do wish the manufacturer had used a crimped end on one side of the connection.
Soulfull baritone crooning enhanced by alchohol and ennui, overlaying a remarkably diverse array of musical styles - all played in a very "Nuggets" primitive garage style fashion. There's slow dirgy laments, surfy spy rock melanges, speedy punk gems, all held together and made cohesive by a constrant stream of delicious, timely guitar and vocal hooks. Though some of the singers lyrics may strike one as a tad trite (lots of maundering over lost love in the tradition of bands like The Cure) his voice is gorgeous and more than makes up for it. Rich, deep, and strained, it perfectly offsets the deliberate distortion of the guitars and the punky roughness of the production. This is a VERY good album, but it doesn't necessarily give the listener anything (s)he hasn't already gotten from their earlier material. If you liked the older records, you'll like this - but don't expect any new ground to be broken - this is totally consistent with everything else the band has done. That said, the Stars are a criminally underappreciated group and this record would serve as a perfect introduction to anyone who has yet to hear them. Fans of stuff like Morphine, the Cure, the Screaming Trees, or even the Buzzcocks would all be well advised to give listen.
A different company could have done better with releasing Dynasty in season sets!There HAS TO BE A WAY to get Paramount to licnese Dynasty to to someone else!What we need to do, is start a petition, getting Dynasty released in complete season sets, at a cheaper price!Please have Paramount give Dynasty to someone else!
First of all, the biographical anecdotes that Bronson presents are great. They are pictures of interesting people who struggle with real issues. These stories are entertaining and well written. With that said, I was disappointed with the suggestions (or lack there of) found in the rest of the book.Bronson writes that, "We all have passions if we choose to see them,". This is certainly true. However, it would seem a book with this title would provide a means by which a person can differentiate their passions. What I mean is, it's impossible to follow all of our passion, and neither doest it seem that we `should' follow all of our passions. I know it would be a major mistake for me to follow some of my passions. So, how can a person know which passions to follow? I wish Bronson had spent some time on this instead of merely pointing out that passions exist in all of us - by this he almost takes an `it's all good' attitude.Bronson writes about `callings', but doesn't explore where these callings come from. Additionally, he strangely writes about self-acceptance. He doesn't seem to acknowledge that there are some things about ourselves that we should accept and others that we shouldn't. This would be essential in a book like this. Furthermore, he refers to moral guilt as always being negative. He misses the fact that moral guilt is sometimes very good and inhibits us from doing what we should not do.Lastly this book comes across as promoting an essentially self-centered life. You find your dream, and then you go get it for you so that you will be happy. This approach short sells the importance of others, and doing things for other people. That is, altruism can be an incredible source of peace and satisfaction. However, Bronson feeds the "me-first" message that is so strong in our culture today.In short, this book deals with a very important and much needed subject. Unfortunately, the conclusions presented here leave much to be desired. If you want to read his 'bottom line' check out page 362 - the first full paragraph.
This CD is the definition of selling out. Kenny G. has realized that he can make more money playing garbage than he can by making CD's of substance. When I heard the track with Louis Armstrong, I started dry heaving. There are many kids out there who will start playing the sax after hearing Kenny G not knowing about John Coltrane, Dexter Gordon, Lester Young etc.. musicians that influenced Kenny G. If you are interested in learning about Jazz, go out and buy a Dexter Gordon CD. If you want to practice your frizbee throwing technique go out and get &quot;Classics In The Key Of G&quot;,one of the easiest keys to play in by the way
THis book should be titled how Abe Maslow,the father of Humanistic Psychology, became a trading coach. If you agree with the idea of Humanistic psychology that every person has a strong desire to realize his or her full potential and to reach a level of "self-actualization when people experience "peak experiences" those high points in life when the individual is in harmony with himself and his surroundings, then you should get this. I don't see how that works in a trading environment and is a rather simplistic view of psychology in general and so I give a pass. Far Far Better is thePsychology of the Stock Market (Classic Edition)andTrading in the Zone: Master the Market with Confidence, Discipline and a Winning Attitude; two books that will actually help you in your trading. /TKL
A thoroughly enjoyable beginning to a favorite fairy tale!This story reminded me of Tolkien in that the story is deep enough to keep you interested, yet simple enough to allow your own imagination to &quot;flesh out&quot; the story.If you like fast paced stories with lots of combat you'll like it! If you like stories that offer deep insights into people and how we tick you'll like it! If you like variations to familiar stories you'll like it!In the words of Mikey's brother: &quot;Try it, you'll like it.&quot;
I'm reading the first chapter "Ruby in Review" and it is chock full of typos and mis-usages. This is particularly disconcerting pertaining to the very first sample program; e.g. it contains the statement "str.chomp!" but then the the ensuing explanation alternately refers to "chomp" as well as the previously un-discussed "chop". I'm an experienced Perl programmer and know the difference, but this must be confusing to other readers not lucky enough to have such background. Furthermore, referring to the same "chomp!" operation, the exclamation point is referred to as a prefix. This is incorrect: it's a suffix.Computer language interpreters including Ruby itself would balk at such imprecision in code instuctions, and therefore I balk at such imprecision in English. It makes me wary that code samples later in the book will contain typos, though I give the book one star more than the minimum because the first sample program as entered in the book does run properly. Still though the editors should be ashamed.I see this over and over with technical books: the first chapter(s) are flawed with such typos, probably because they get written and reviewed first, several months before the rest of the volume is finished. Further indication of this is the author's comment near the end of the first chapter that he is unaware of other languages with the "===" operator. Perhaps he wrote this for the first edition; by the time he wrote the second edition, particularly with the explosion of Ruby on Rails and Ajax, he should know that Javascript also provides the "===" operator (as does PHP).In addition, the title of this volume is misleading and pretentious. Ruby suffers from the same "there's MORE than one WAY to do it" approach as Perl (e.g. "poetry mode" that dispenses with parentheses around method arguments). Perl has proven this sort of thing is a drawback, not a benefit. It's derisively referred to as a "write-only" language, and I predict Ruby will be considered likewise after 3-5 years when a sufficient base of Ruby code exists such that Ruby "maintenance" programmers will be in demand.Furthermore, the author frequently notes how some of these multiple ways to accomplish things in Ruby can "confuse the parser"; there's no arguing this is a drawback. It can only further slow down a language already slow due to its interpreted, dynamically-typed, object-oriented nature.Tech authors, do yourself a favor, and have somebody (re)edit your initial introductory chapter(s) at the tail end of the process, otherwise risk making a bad first impression. Programmers, do yourself a favor, and don't just blindly jump on the Ruby bandwagon.
It's true that Cold sounds a hell of alot like staind, but the reality is that they are better than staind so nobody cares if they rip them off. This cd is really great and I recommend it.
This movie was a good see in general, bringing the horrors of war on screen in a moving experience. Unfortunately this movie has led to a whole bunch of bad war movie follow-ups, such as windtalkers, tears of the sun, and black hawk doen.
Lovely looking blanket, but the digital control is very tricky and it doesn't heat.Put the blanket on and turned it on, first on 3 as a warm up. No noticeable heat. Tried to turn it up but the "E" appeared on the controller. After unplugging and resetting I set the controller to "H". There was almost some heat after an hour, certainly nothing like a Sunbeam will put out.I bought this blanket 2 years ago as a back-up to the Sunbeam I had, since like others I have had Sunbeams last only a year and usually quit on the coldest night in January. However the trusty Sunbeam is still going, perhaps not strong. but certainly a lot warmer than this worthless Biddeford blanket.
Just didn't work. Wouldn't work with several devices. Deader than Abraham Lincoln. Not worth a huge hassle of exchange. Kingston memory quality varies. It's a roll of the dice.
UPDATE: After I wrote this review I started having problems. The player would lock up [you know--like Windows!] Requiring me to remove the battery to get a reboot. It also started having problems synchronizing with the computer. It finally froze permanently, but my then was not returnable. I just threw the darn thing out. I have since purchased a Sansa E-280. This is a flash player, rather than a hard drive, is smaller better looking has a bigger screen displays album art, plays video and has a micro SD slot to expand memory. It also costs about thirty bucks less. If I could change my rating on this player, it would be one star.Wonderful sound quality 8 GB of storage holds photos, can be used to transfer files, has FM radio. Ear buds didn't fit my ears. 10 colors available, though not all are at amazon. If they don't have the color you want here, go to the mfr's site, creative.com. The price on this is the same everywhere. I do wish the rest of the case, besides the front were black instead of white. It looks too institutional in white. The battery is good for 10 to 12 hours and can be swapped out. Get your spare here. Amazon partner eforcity has it for under 20 bucks. Regular price is 40.
This is a surprisingly good album of hi-nrg disco-pop that only got released in Japan, but it deserved better than that. Burns & Coy have the chops to craft a decent pop tune and these don't disappoint. "Unhappy Birthday" features an uncredited Billy [Ultravox] Currie on electric violin. Hardly lo-rent gay disco fodder! Laugh if you will, but I think Pete Burns is concerned with releasing quality music that can exist outside of a club floor. At least on this recording.
Actually, let me say up front that this flick is more like 3 stars if that, but when I feel a movie is unjustly dumped on, I like to give it a helping hand. Having previously read the reviews here I passed it up, but, while browsing a used DVD store, I came across it and figured it'd be worth $4. Now, I suppose this is the part where I say, "boy, and am I glad I did!" but, honestly, it wasn't that good. However, it wasn't as bad as some reviewers here make it out to be. Upon finishing this movie, I suspected some sort of agenda-mongering by some of the reviewers here, but upon revisiting this page, I think the truth is that many of these people are simply jaded.First, the cast is pretty decent. Contrary to what some have said here, they all performed quite well. The characters were likeable (unlike in some films) and the actors made you care about them (at least, should you make a modicum of an attempt to suspend disbelief in a film about rampaging sea-monsters). Many were unknowns, but that didn't make them "amateurish". I guess there's an element out there that figures if they aren't "name" actors, they must not be good. The entire cast did a good job being half-way convincing as oil-rig workers. The script simply didn't call for a whole lot of deep characterization, and this film didn't need it. In fact, what little drama there was seemed like excess baggage.Second, the directing was competent for something like this. Nothing remotely stylish, but adequate. Decent editing. Cinematography was really nice at times, with lighting low enough to be moody, but still light enough to see the action. Also, the lighting seemed very realistic throughout most of the film, usually seeming like flourescents in a hallway or arc-lighting on the deck, no beautiful "artsy" lighting as in some movies. An instance or two of the shaky, hand-held camera so popular today, but not enough to be distracting.Third, this was obviously filmed on a real oil-rig, so I don't know what movie the people complaining about the sets watched. Nothing more to say on that.Finally, the Monster. Pretty decent man-in-a-suit, think "Humanoids from the Deep" here with an "Alien" make-over. I know that there is a clue-less strata of movie-goer out there that thinks that CGI, no matter how badly done, must trump the traditional methods, no matter how well done. Suffice to say, they are dead wrong.Now, for the problems.First, one of the reasons I wanted to see this was because I like William Forsythe, and, to be sure, he had a good role. Unfortunately, he just wasn't seen that much. Clearly, they had managed to land a "name" draw, but were unable to pay him for the duration.Second, the directing and/or the script. Like I had noted previously, the directing was competent, but in order to create suspense, you have to do better than that. Too many derivitave scenes here, one lifted directly from the original "Alien". Yes, I know that these sort of things are expected of flicks like these. That cuts no mustard with me when you obviously have the components to make something better.Lastly, the Monster. Yes, I know I said that it was pretty decent above, and it was, for a Man-in-a-suit. My problem with it is this: Why would something anthropomorphic come up from the bottom of the ocean? I mean, it should be like an eel, or giant lung-fish, or crab, or a squid-thingy, but human? I realize they never explained exactly what it was, and there lies my second problem with it. Not that everything has to be rationalized, but if you aren't going to do that, then at least make the creature something that one can truly believe might come out of the sea.Now, it is possible that, after reading all the negatives here, my expectations were lowered so that I was pleasantly surprised by it (you see, I'm yet another jaded film-goer). I guess the main problem with this movie is that it isn't good enough to cover new territory and it isn't bad enough to be funny, setting it squarely in the middle as a rather pedestrian viewing experience. But, if it had been a made-for-TV film, most would have considered it one of the better ones. It surely blows away most "made-for-SyFy" features. In fact, in terms of watchability, think of it on a level with some of the lesser Stephen King adaptations for television.In closing, I have to say that the only real fault with this movie, albeit a major one, is that, though not bad on its own, we've all seen it done before and done better with "Leviathan" and "Deep Rising". Only recommended for genre fans, but, if you truly are a B-movie creature-phile, you'll watch it regardless of the carping (get it? Carping...sea monsters, heheh) it will elicit. Go on, you know you want to.
This book seems to cover just about everything. It was highly recommended by a friend - cancer survivor. Good book to have on hand as a reference guide.
If you like the work of Niven, Pournelle, and Laumer, you'll love this book. The characters are well done and the plot moves quickly along as with books by Niven or Pournelle. Do you have some books you come back to and read again after a couple years away? This will likely be one of them.This book alone convinced me find and acquire any similar books by John Ringo.
I was able to get my hands on the xbox 360 version of this game at a walmart kiosk for a good 3 hours late at night. INCREADIBLE to say the least, game play was amazing, graphics blew away any PC or console i have seen hands down. Of course it was being show in HD and I felt like i was in the action, the characters were the best pixeled almost like real life. The standard xbox version is good, i own it, but the xbox 360 version which can only be played on the 360 is increadible....It is worth buying the xbox 360 just for this game its that good!!! I can only think the xbox live will be outstanding.....
What did Shawnna do to get a poorly put together, rushed album out into the stores? Shawnna is pretty nice on the mic, even though the pool of female rappers isn't that deep right now, but she didn't deserve this. Her first single off `Worth Tha Weight' was on point in "Shake Dat Sh**" w/ Ludacris, but the rest is pretty much scattered low filler material. "R.P.M" w/ Twista & Ludacris was already on the `Golden Grain' album, but it's a great song for the people who didn't here it. My favorites on this album are "My Chicago pt 1" & "My Chicago pt 2", produced by B-Crucial, but here's the thing-they're both less than a minute long and are both the same beat, which won't cut it. DTP/Def Jam should have taken A LOT more time in gettin' this album made, cause I'm sure everyone who bought this got BURNED bad.
This bar is one of my favorites. I switch between this and 2 other "organic greens" bars before my morning run every a.m. It's almost too sweet for me but I've gotten used to it and the belgium chocolate makes it so rich. You get these little chunks of fabulous chocolate in every bite along with all the goodness of healthy, organic greens and ingredients and it tastes too good to be healthy. Some days I can't help but eat more than one throughout the day..they are that good!I am getting ready for another order before my other 2 bar flavors are even out just because I don't like being without this flavor. I crave it and so does my hub who has to have bites out of every one of these he sees me with. :D (Yeah, I give him his very own whole one occasionally....)
Gives a great overview and dives into specifics using pictures and drawings that are very helpful. I held back one star because it did not cover wells and pumps as detailed as I would have liked.Only other improvement would be to print on waterproof paper. :-)
WOW! this was a REALLY good movie. i was a bit nervous to watch it, but I am so glad I did. You definately don't need to be a mountain climber to enjoy this movie. It had everything drama, suspense, romance. really well done great cinematography. Great store. I highly recommend this movie, very moving
A misguided friend of mine gave me this to read while I was in the hospital around 30 years ago. It was new at the time, and praised highly. I couldn't stand it. The novel was boring, amateurish and unreadable, obviously written by a talentless individual. (The first chapter felt like trying to run a marathon in quicksand.) I still don't understand why it was published, except perhaps to prove that Pulitzer prize winners are usually overrated. Awful.
I didn't realize that Mary was an Iyengar instructor until she started stacking up blankets to form a bolster, then I caught on.If you already are practicing the Iyengar style, I am sure you will like this video. There are not a lot of Iyengar videos out there, and this is well done.For those not familiar with the style, it is not a "flowing" style like Ashtanga. In a typical class you would work on a pose for a while, then work on a different pose. It's actually ideally suited to construct practices out of segments, as on this DVD.It's a great way to really learn a pose thoroughly, even if you are practicing a different form of yoga.By the way, ignore the "weight loss" title. There is nothing on this video that is specific for that purpose. If your aim in practicing yoga is to have an intense workout and burn calories, this is not the type of video you are looking for.
The authors kept on giving the same speech over and over again about the academic establishment. The constant ranting should have been handled once in the intro and then the authors should have gone on and made there point. It's to bad because when the authors actually focus on there interesting theory they have a potentually good book unfortunately they love to give there speech to much.
Hollywood studios know about the research linking on-screen tobacco imagery with youth smoking rates, yet they continue to produce G, PG and PG-13 movies that promote smoking! That includes this summer's Land of the Lost, a Universal film that was heavily marketed to children. Numerous tobacco images in the PG-13 film have resulted in as many as 125 million impressions.Land of the Lost IS THE WORST!This movie gives the classic 1970s' A BAD NAME!Please BAN the Movie!
There are reviews for this all over Amazon and the web. The thing I like the most is that now when I run I know that this will put it in my face when I get home. I know I am being tracked from my speed, heart rate, etc. If I choose to slow down the graph will show it as plain as day. I love it!Also there is a free product out there that it much better than the out of the box software this comes with. It is called SportTracks...google it.
In her pregnancy book, she seemed angry and bitter about being pregnant. In this book, she seems angry and bitter about the sacrifices of mothering.Giving birth and being a mother are the most difficult things I've ever done, but they're also the most rewarding. I wouldn't trade them for anything. I'm sure that Iovine loves her children, but what a way to vent! Not only was this book depressing, but it didn't make me laugh. I felt sorry for her. Being a mother certainly has its &quot;moments,&quot; but I go to my &quot;girlfriends&quot; for support and encouragment, not commiseration about how awful it is to be a mother.If you want a good laugh with your girlfriends, go to your real friends, not this book. You can have a laugh about the unexpected twists and turns your life is taking and still rejoice in the miracle of your young family.
Well, in my house we're down to the last two episodes of The Complete Fourth Season. Just as with the first three season DVDs, we've carefully parceled out the episodes for viewing because we know how unbearably long it is between releases of these DVDs. Sometimes we splurge and watch two episodes in a row. Now, however, we are down to two remaining and once again, I've taken to scanning the Amazon website for any sign of the next DVD in the series only to find disappointment. Why does it take so long between releases of the next season on DVD? Why??This is the very best television there ever was - yes, that's right: ever. Do not miss the opportunity to bring the little discs which preserve this television series right into your own home, whether they are encased in parkas (seasons 1-3) or not.To those who, DVD release after DVD release, keep carping about the music, I say: please stop. Your point has been made - and made and made. There is nothing to be done about that issue. It is possible that you are affecting sales of the DVDs with your repetitiously negative comments about the music and that would be a terrible shame. The music was what it was and is what it is. Either way, it is wonderful, delightful music accompanying the best television show ever. You are looking at it with the eyes of nostalgia ("things can never be as good as they were; I miss how things were...") versus looking with child's eyes ("isn't this wonderful!")I appreciate art as much as the next guy and don't want it "messed with" but, you know, Venus used to have arms. Would you rather not see a work at all because you can't see it the way it once was? That is a rigid nostalgia, isn't it? I agree with your point essentially, but what can you do about it? I also hated - and still hate - the Ted Turner colorization of the great old movies and when I have a choice, I only go for the black and white version. We don't have a choice with these Northern Exposure DVDs and anyway, the fact is that the music on the DVDs is still very good.It's an extraordinarily wonderful show, in its original form and now on these DVDs. In my opinion the ONLY problem with these DVDs is that they are so very slow to be released.
I bought this thing after a recommendation from a pet store rep. My dog hardly touched the stuff, and then I looked at the ingredients: one of the first things on it was corn-a grain known to cause allergies in dogs. As a matter of fact, corn might be the most allergy-prone food amongst dogs. Not to mention, thanks to our friends at Monsanto, it is almost always Genetically modified (GMO) or a franken-food, unless it's organic. Real "premium" dog foods brag that they've no corn.Right at the top of the list of ingredients is chicken-by-products, another no-no among real "premium" dog foods. This means all the waste that it is usually thrown out from the chicken since it's not real meat. Cheap dog foods put this in their food simply because it's cheap, but it's not real meat. A little further down you will notice BHA, an artificial preservative, which again real "premium" dog foods do not have.In short, BilJac is a joke. It is basically, insanely overpriced Alpo, with no organic ingredients whatsoever, and uses all the shortcuts, filler, and chemistry that the cheapest dog foods on the market use. Don't be fooled by the old-fashioned appeal of the company's 60 years in business. There is nothing but modern chemistry in the bag, and all the folksy appeal will not make up for cheap, lousy ingredients. For nearly the same price as this overpriced Alpo, one could buy organic dog food, free of preservatives, corn, and cheap by-products!
Heavy duty pasta roller and cutters work great. I wish the roller had a couple of wider initial settings because you have to flatten your dough pieces out pretty flat by hand before you can run them through. The number settings on the roller are a bit difficult for old eyes to read. Nevertheless, this is so much easier, faster, and better than kneading and rolling pasta dough with hands and a rolling pin! The spaghetti cutter can clog if the ends of your rolled pasta dry out, so just keep the rolled pieces covered with a damp cloth until you're ready to cut them.
This this device is limited compared to some readers but is perfect for those of us that want to down/upload compact flash with the camera or PDA and the Laptop. I bought this after I used a friends to transfer a program. It has its own driver built into the unit so you do not need to waste any time with a floppy disk or CD and after two seconds it was usable. This reader is a great value compared to some memory stick type drives.
WOW, what an amazing book on how Central banking cartels have started wars to profit from both sides.EVERY American needs to read this book to figure out what is going on in today's economy.I cannot recommend this book stronger than that.Reaing this book will save you 4 years at a university studying economics.
True, Andy Latimer's the only REAL Camel guy on it, but this album is unfairly dumped-on by Camel fans. The whole 2nd side is gorgeous, especially "Sasquatch" & "A Heart's Desire/End Peace," "Manic" is an Xtremely angry-sounding tale of schizophrenia, & "Camelogue" & "Today's Goodbye" R at least pleasant & intresting. The 1st side's more of a problem: "No Easy Answer" is OK, & "Heroes" is nice ... but the rest IS a significant drop-off in quality from previous albums. So play the 2nd side, Njoy the guest work by Peter Bardens & Anthony Phillips, & take it 4 what it is -- perhaps not as "progressive" as the band's hard-core fans would like, but still real nice. I think Latimer held-up pretty well under the commercial pressure from his record company. This is as good as the earlier BREATHLESS and I CAN SEE YOUR HOUSE FROM HERE, if not as solid as SNOW GOOSE or NUDE....
Guy almost dies. Now, guy thinks he's invincible. That's just about it. This movie is a yawner, folks. I love Jeff Bridges and think he's a great actor, but you can toss this one in the trash, along with Arlington Road. Of course, it does have a nice low price, if your ego is dependent upon how DVDs you have stacked on the shelf.
After coming out of the theatre having watched Episode 3: Revenge of the Sith for the first time, I came away feeling somewhat disappointed with certain aspects of this movie. Bear with me here. First, Anakin's turn to the Dark Side seemed very abrupt and without explanation. Don't get me wrong though, this flick is packed with action and drama, and I enjoyed it immensely.But after watching this movie a few more times, it all has begun to make sense, and Episode 3 has really begun to grow on me. The only important things to Anakin Skywalker were the desperate love he had for his wife, and the well-being of the Republic. The fear of losing his wife to death, increasing frustration with a Jedi Council that has denied him the role of Jedi Master, and a council with whom he has gradually become suspicious of due to the whisperings of the shady Chancellor Palpatine.. causes Anakin's mind begins to be clouded with fear, doubt, and confusion.When Anakin discovers the truth about who Palpatine really is, and that he may be the only one who can help Anakin achieve the power needed to save his wife, he is faced with a difficult choice. Does he bring Palpatine to justice at the hands of a Jedi Council whom he doesn't completely trust anymore and let the power to save his wife die with the Chancellor? Being young, impressionable, and caught up in the heat of the moment, Anakin makes the wrong choice. After preventing Mace from killing Palpatine, Anakin is then convinced that the Jedi Council's intent really was to overthrow the chancellor and betray the republic, and Anakin believes his suspicions to be confirmed.All of that said, I still believe that Anakin's turn to the dark side was rushed, and the series could have benefited greatly from another movie that would show more of Anakin's journey to darkness. The casual Star Wars fan will most likely not find Anakin's turn as credible. I know, it's alot to digest, but just watch this movie a couple of times and put yourself in Anakin's situation. You will then begin to understand Anakin's plight, how his mind was manipulated by Palpatine, and how circumstance after circumstance led him further down the dark path.Although the movie has flaws (hence my 4 star rating and not 5), and the acting and script in Revenge of the Sith was not a big improvement from Episode 2, Episode 3 bridges to Episode 4 nicely. I also am not going to whine about a couple of small details or a small plot hole here and there between the original trilogy and the prequel and give the movie 1 star. I guess plot holes are bound to happen when you write the 2nd half of the story first, and later write the first half. The action, drama, special affects, and gripping score are more than enough to compensate for the film's shortcomings, making it a worthy finale to the series.
I've done alot of workout videos but this one was just pointless. the cardio was okay but i didn't like the 10 minute toning segments. some of the moves were lame and didn't make sense. the lower body segment was very disappointing. the moves doesn't really target the buns & thighs. Normally you would feel some type of burn when working the lower body but i felt nothing. you could've sat on the floor for 10 minutes and got the same result. Same for the abs segment. If you are going to create a 10 minute workout, make sure the moves are really intense and effective. I would not recommend this dvd for those who want to lose weight. this is more for toning and firming. if you are looking for a good toning video i would definitely recommend Jillian Michaels' No More Trouble Zones. For a real bun & thigh workout...try Winsor Pilates Bun & Thigh Sculpting. For a real total body makeover in under 30 minutes, try Jillian Michaels 30 Day Shred.
Kitamore expounds on the inner divine attitude towards sinners with Jeremiah 31:20 as the focal point; he sees the pain of God as the heart of the Gospel message (p.19).The Cross is where the pain of God is revealed to the eyes of sinful mankind. What is this "pain of God"? Kitamore contends it "reflects his will to love the objects of his wrath...God himself was broken, wounded and suffered because he embraced those who should not be embraced" (p.21,22). God's love is rooted in this pain.This is a profound and fascinating read. The depth, which it brings to the subject, will bring to clearer light - to the one who would meditatively read it - the truly Biblical teaching regarding God's attitude towards sinful mankind and how that love is supremely revealed at the Cross of Jesus Christ.This is not an everyday, normal, surface reading of how God feels.Kitamore is able to reconcile how the Cross is both a revelation of God's wrath and God's love for men in a way I have never heard explained and does so in a clear, yet penetrating manner.Years before reading this book, I myself have come to believe that God's love for man as created and his hatred for men as sinful was revealed at the Cross but was unable to reconcile these diametrically opposed and exclusive feelings and articulate how these diametrically opposed feeling, which seemed to exclude each other, were met at the Cross until now.This book helped to resolve for me the perplexing issue of God's inner attitude - his feelings of love and hate for mankind - and how it converges at the Cross.
Bits of this are dated - the publishers date now is 2005 but I think it is really closer to 2000 or so - the opening sentence is "AOL is the largest internet company" etc. Uh, google? But regardless, the book is like a compact encyclopedia of strategy and includes a fair bit of economics and even (fairly straightforward) formulas. If you need the formula for the (theoretic) ideal price of a monopoly product, you can find it here in five seconds.
Rio Grande Blood-my new favorite Ministry album. This is Ministry's most brutal release yet. I think they are one of the most creative bands out there. This is a "must have" album for all Ministry fans. Every track on this disc is killer, especially Senor Peligro, and Gangreen (gang of green:marine corps). Houses Of The Mole shows us that Al doesn't like Gov. Bush all that much but Rio Grande Blood takes it up several notches to explosive, seething hatred for George W. and the rest of his crooked cronies. It's an all out assault of ferocious contempt and I love it. BUY IT!!
I remember the moment when I decided that Dale Peck didn't deserve my attention. At the end of a review of a Julian Barnes novel, he said that modern British writing was awful, and then spent a single paragraph naming various writers and insulting them. Ian McEwan's novels stink like old fish, etc. He didn't bother explaining to the reader why he thought this was so: he just made a list and said, these people are bad.And in review after review, this is his favorite way of working. With the exception of his review of Rick Moody's The Black Veil, which is a legitimate dismantling of a bad book, Peck almost never goes into detail as to why a book isn't worth reading. He just throws around insults. There's nothing wrong with writing a vicious review, but back it up: quote examples, explain why the book is badly written, poorly constructed, unrealistic, anything. A responsible critic like James Wood takes the trouble to do this.But all we get from Peck are strings of denunciations: "All I'm suggesting is that these writers (and their editors) see themselves as the heirs to a bankrupt tradition. A tradition that began with the diarrheic flow of words that is Ulysses; continued on through the incomprehensible ramblings of late Faulkner and the sterile inventions of Nabokov; and then burst into full, foul life in the ridiculous dithering of Barth and Hawkes and Gaddis, and the reductive cardboard constructions of Barthelme, and the word-by-word wasting of a talent as formidable as Pynchon's; and finally broke apart like a cracked sidewalk beneath the weight of the stupid--just plain stupid--tomes of DeLillo."If you agree with Peck, then this isn't really illuminating; but if you don't - and think that, let's say, plenty of Barth is not "ridiculous dithering" - then this is useless to you, because Peck doesn't bother defending his claims. That these writers are awful strikes him as self-evident; all he needs to do is say it, and maybe with a writerly flourish, like the bit about a sidewalk cracking under the weight of someone's stupidity.But clearly, since these writers are not already forgotten, their worthlessness is not self-evident. And if you want to take them apart you have to do it patiently, using analysis instead of playground taunts. BR Myers, for example, also wrote an article that was a rant against the state of modern writing, and went after both Moody and DeLillo, but he took the time to quote sections of prose, and slowly built up his case. It was clear that he had read their books carefully. One wouldn't even have to read the books in question to write some of Peck's reviews: just say "incomprehensible ramblings" and call it a day.Peck delivers these insults with a great deal of passion, and appears to want to set himself up as some sort of conscience of literature, calling for a return to the authentic. But it's unclear just what he wants, especially when he produces lines like this: "But only after a work of literature has accepted its own failure--has, as it were, elegized its stillborn self--can it begin the complex series of contextual manipulations by which meaning is created and we locate ourselves as surely as the ancient navigators fixed their positions between stars."Ah yes, that complex series of manipulations. I for one, unlike the ancient navigators, am having trouble locating myself in that sentence, but Peck would probably say that I am merely an idiot. He then goes on to say "Contemporary novels have either counterfeited reality or forfeited it. In their stead we need a new materialism." This is his positive program. Great: come on writers, get on that! Start working on that new materialism.I don't think Peck is dishonest; he seems to mean these things that he says. He is merely lazy, and won't bother to tell us why he thinks so - and, more importantly, why we should think so too. Don't waste your time on him.
These are wonderful Candles, they look elegant, smell great and burn long.The jars are cut glass(like fine crystal) with a polished aluminum lid and base.They all smell similar in scent.... but it's a great scent!
Triloka had put out the wonderful series &quot;Trance Planet&quot;, which I had to own all volumes for, but Planet Chant really left alot to be desired. In places it was far too &quot;techno&quot; for the subject matter. If you are expecting indigenous chants and slices of life from places around the globe such as the label implies, its best to look elsewhere. It is a good CD, but not one that is memorable in the way that the other Trance Planet series CD's are.
MY SYSTEM:==========AMD Athlon 1.4(overclocked to 1.5)Asus A7V333 MoboCorsair 512MB PC2700CAS2 DDRWindows XP Professional SP1INTRO:======I'd been using Norton Internet Security 2003 for over a year, but my subscription ran out. I have been reading such horror stories about the 2004 version and it's activation woes, that I decided to return to McAfee for a try. After just week, I've decided that one product truly stands out above the other. Mind you, I'm not happy about any software company using the activation process, so I really did want to like the McAfee offering. So what happened?Security Center Screenshot:===========================http://images.mcafee.com/common/screenshots/msc_vso_696x540.gifTHE GOOD:=========* Easy installation* Easy automatic product update* Nice looking interface and icons* Inexpensive (though, with rebates, YMMV)THE BAD & THE UGLY:===================* You cannot uninstall McAfee Security Center and cannot use VirusScan without it.* McAfee seems too desperate with their attempt to integrate all of their products into their McAfee Security Center. They have a security "index" in which they attempt to make the user aware of how secure they are. But the indexes are skewed and I believe they are trying to breed fear into the user to get the user to purchase their other products. Even though you may only have installed VirusScan and Personal Firewall, the Security Center still shows Privacy Service and SpamKiller tabs. Any curious joe would wonder what were in those other tabs. And the curious joe would find offers for 30-day trials on those other products. Once you install the trials, your security index miraculously improves.* Though the GUI is nice and pretty, it's slow and painfully unintuitive.* Start-up splash screen cannot be disabled.* I'm unsure which of the two is the culprit, but either VirusScan or Personal Firewall seriously slowed up my web browsing with Internet Explorer 6.0. Once I uninstalled them both, IE6 was back to normal. I would guess Personal Firewall caused this with some proxy issue.* VirusScan does not provide time stats on how long a full system scan takes. I find Norton's stats to be useful for when I want to fire up a manual scan and know when I can come back to the computer.SUMMARY:========What I was hoping for was an efficient software product to protect my computer from viruses and trojan horses. What I found was that while it did protect my computer, it did it in a way that was not very efficient. As I said, I despise activation schemes from software companies, but I despise ad-laden software even more. If I'm paying for a product, I expect not to have to see any ads, PERIOD. I personally would recommend Symantec's line of security products over McAfee's. However, you can decide yourself. Both Symantec and McAfee have 15-day trial periods for virus software and I believe both do as well for their firewall products.
In the vein of other Eastern authors, like say Kitaro, Hiroshima, Azuma, Ryuichi Sakamoto and many others, Naoyuki tries to build a link between the modern jazz/pop/rock from the West and the traditional Eastern sources. The result is a very romantic and sensitive collection of smooth songs, from the monotony and predictability of some tracks to the sublime beauty of some like 'Heartland' or 'Dreams'.This one track, 'Dreams', which closes the album, must be one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard. It's a mere piano solo, only accompanied by some synthesiser, but the deep peace and beauty of the track is not only a perfect ending for the album, but definately something else. There is something in the middle of the song that stops time and leads you very far. Sometimes it made me cry, some other times made me think of someone I loved, but always made me dream. I would love you to listen to that song to understand what I'm saying.In general it's an enjoyable recording and has a couple of unforgettable tracks for the romantics. 'The Night Sky' is a nice and soft seeking of a smooth jazz/Eastern traditional mix. But the two titles mentioned above are brilliant and extremely beautiful, and 'Distant Vista' is a very honest and intense tune.Must say as well I've changed this review from the one I wrote around 10 years ago. The reason why is the album has grown on me over these years and my opinion about it has definately improved.It's a fine record to give a try with beautiful Eastern & Japanese heart mixed with a very classy Western background. An album for dreaming.
Our dog can do a guilt trip like no other. He doesn't beg or get pesky, he just looks at you...and licks his lips. Then he offers you a toy, or sits with his &#34;shake&#34; paw up...perhaps as a trade for whatever you are eating? Perhaps to show what a good boy he is? I will never know. But I do know that if I give him some of whatever I am eating, we will both pay for it later as he is a little intolerant of many people foods. These Blue Dog Bakery Low Fat Treats have 10 calories each. I figure he can have about 5 or so a couple of times a day. He loves them. He thinks we are eating them, too. They were great training treats because they are small, but he gets a few crunches out of each one. Now that he's a senior dog we had to change his kibbled dog food. I mixed in a couple of these in the first few bowls so he would smell something familiar. Worked like a charm. I have an immediately obedient dog whenever I shake the box.
Part of me wishes I did not purchase these as they make me drink more beer. They feel great in the hand and they're very conducive for determining the nose on good suds. I'm just not able to drink from the bottle anymore. Quality is very good, however, I feel that the mold seam is a little more prominent--particularly on the the stem--than it should be. So far after a couple months of use they're holding up well with no breakage and fairly heavy use (both in the hand and in the dishwasher). Strongly recommended.
I got this dvd for my birthday, and was distressed at the condition of the product. The dvd was loose inside the box and floating. I tried watching the movie but it was difficult due to the scratches that must have occured during transit.
When I think of my favorite performers, I rarely list Van Morrison. But I took this CD off the rack and played it and was instantly reminded of the incredible effect this music has on me. There's a package here-a combination of his voice, the melodies, and the lyrics-that reach directly into my heart. I can't think of many other performers who have this kind of emotional effect on me-I've often sat listening to this CD with tears streaming down my face. Morrison's voice is as distinctive as Sinatra's and conveys a great deal more emotion. So I'm making a resolution to listen to this beautiful, soulful music more often this year. Not many albums leave me feeling as cleansed as this. There are a few mediocre songs on this collection, but when he hits the target-Here Comes the Night, Cleanin' Windows, Domino, Wild Nights...no one can come near him.
Ok, I am not a smoker. Honest. My mother has been a smoker for the past 25-30 years of her life. She has made it known that she wants to quit, she doesnt want to spend so much money every year on this bad habit. She tried the patch and all the other devices and decided not to try Zyban because it is a form of anti-depressants. Who wants to be put on anti-depressants when they arent depressed in the first place? I seriously question the validity of medical science many times, especially in this scenario.So, back to the review...I decided to order this for her as a birthday present...Well the first time she used it, she was driving home from school in traffic...Now, if you knew my mother, you would know that her and other drivers do not get along. They arent Harriet and Ozzie. More like Britney Spears and Talent...they just dont go hand in hand....So, she has the tape playing and she is noticing that...she is not in any anger or rage...and more importantly...she has had no desire for a cigarette.Just minutes prior she couldnt wait to get home for a drag, but during her drive home, she uncharacteristically had no craving or desire. So when she got home, out of habit she lit a cigarette and within one puff she put it out. She had no desire for it and she said it felt like there was no &quot;feeling&quot; when she puffed.Now, this doesnt mean that after 15 minutes, she was &quot;cured&quot; of her addiction. However, it has been 4 days and she has smoked significantly less then she has ever before PLUS, she doesnt have any withdrawel side effects.Anyone who is in dire need/want to kick the habit, I wholeheartedly recommend this product for you and for your health.
Wow, what a great edition of Milton's epic poem "Paradise Lost". I won't say much about the poem itself since most people should know how great it is, and there is very little I could add to the plethora of commentary and reviews of this masterpiece. I am really rating the super high quality edition. Beautiful dust jacket hard cover book, with bold red inner cover page with red ribbon bookmark. The pages are high qualitiy, with classic font for each book. There is also the great classic art work. I highly recommend this edition.
This CD is an all-around excellent buy. Where shall I start?This recording of the Prokofiev 3rd is one of my all-time favorites ( and I have heard a lot). Argerich knows where to stretch, where to speed up, just how to pull you along in the most deliciously tantalizing way. She keeps the piece on edge, you can practically see the adrenaline rushing through the orchestra and conductor. How does she strike each note with such purpose, yet sound like she is constantly reinventing, waiting to see what new idea she can spring onto the orchestra?The Ravel concerto is very good. As a pianist who is learning this piece myself, I think she does an excellent job, though I would have liked to hear some more accenting on those Gershwin-esque riffs. She does capture the hustle-bustle sound of the city, however. The second movement of this piece is where she really shines, letting us glide along with her, looking at a peaceful city skyline. The third movement is pure Argerich.The Gaspard...wonderful! She throws off some of the most difficult music passages in piano literature like they were mere trinkets. But her ease does not imply shallowness...she allows her deep sonority to explore every edge of Ravel's glorious, frightening, sad, and sometimes wrenching music.All in all, this is a must have for any pianist, Prokofiev or Ravel fan, or Argerich fan.
pmw are smooth kid uh huh mase jay z and fabolous all in one person except there are two of that hybrid both of these tracks are neptune beats
This is a review of a series of Hello Kitty DVDs released by MGM in 2003:HK Becomes a Princess,HK Saves the Day,HK Tells Fairy Tales,HK Goes to the Movies, andHK Plays Pretend. These five discs have also been bundled together into theDiamond Collection, as well as paired into aPlays Pretend/Saves The Day 2-Pack(alt url). Finally there's a "Triple Feature DVD Set" with the discs for Princess, Saves The Day, and Fairy Tales all in one case (this might be exclusive to Target). Whew! Amazon may display this review on the page of another version of this product, for which this review may not apply. After reading this review, please click on the link so that you can be assured that the product this review applies to is the same one you thought it was for.--------------------------------------------------For those who don't already know, contained on this DVD are stories from the 1987 Saturday morning series "Hello Kitty's Furry Tale Theater". You wouldn't know that by watching the disc because there are NO SERIES OPENING TITLES and NO SERIES END CREDITS!!! Yes, you read that correctly. They left out one of the most significant parts of a television series. Remember the catchy theme song? Well, all you'll have are your memories because that theme won't be found here. There's a credits block on the back of the case that lists the voice actors and major crew, but it doesn't list the minor crew members. Pity all of the poor animators whose work on the series now goes uncredited.The series consists of 13 half-hour episodes with 2 stories per episode (26 stories total). Yet only 25 of the 26 stories appear on these five discs. Keep in mind that's only 5 stories per each 10.00 disc (that's the original price). They could have easily fit the entire series onto two dual-layer discs for 20.00. So not only are you missing a story, and NOT getting the episodes in their original 2-story pairs with the original series opening titles and end credits, but you're being bilked for what little you DO get!The previous VHS releases in the late 1990s (Wizard of Paws VHSandKitty & The Beast VHS) were MUCH better than these five DVDs. Sure they only included four stories each, but they included the series opening titles and end credits, which makes them a vast improvement over these DVDs. I can only hope that someone at MGM wakes up and re-releases this series as a proper "complete series" set, but I doubt that that will ever happen.
This is just like the movies. I had just recently watched every movie, including the cartoons, ever made.There are some minor changes over the years, but even the conversations are almost word for word withthis book.
As a sci-fi person, can't find movies like this anywhere except online. I've watched this movie "Time Machine" when I was little in the 60's, It was the greatest. Hey! in those days they did what they can as a youngster to scare the witts out of you, but today's movie technology is even scarier. For me I like the old sc-fi, simlpe and fun to watch all over again. See you in the future.
I cannot get over how great this film looks and holds up after all these years. I saw the original Broadway production and loved it but was disappointed at the original distribution of the film which cut the play mercilessly. This new restoration has brought back all of the cut scenes and cleaned up the editing to make a cohesive, exciting film with all the tension and drama of the original. William Daniels is a great Adams and Howard Da Silva is a wonderful Franklin. Donald Madden, in his only screne role, is a powerful Dickinson who is defeated in the end but comes out as a respectable character. Throw away your old VHS of this movie and buy this new DVD and you will not be dissappointed.
The Folwer Kings just keep getting better with every album they release... Rone Stolt and company have produced a MASTERPIECE. This is a band that is not afraid to take chances and expiriment...unlike some of their so called classic counterparts like YES whose past work is well renouned and will forever be remembered but their current efforts...like so many other "prog bands" well my frinends the Flower Kings are the real deal and dare i say may be the modern day Yes for our times... This is an absolutely stunning album... and it is refreshing to know with all that junk out there there are sill musicians that still care about their art.... BRAVO!!!!
You'd think it would be easy to convert a movie to DVD; but this movie didn't do it. I remember this movie ending with the music from Kansas' song, "Carry On Wayward Son", yet, Kansas (while appearing in the end-credits) is no where to be HEARD on this DVD. NO WHERE. This must be a cheap edited version of a strong movie. Save your money. I think Kansas (if they're still around) has rights to sue--credit given for a song that doesn't appear on the disk!
I read this book about a year ago and have since loaned it to a friend. Needless to say, I've not seen it again. I wasn't planning on writing a review, but in reading others reviews, maybe I should.I liked the book a great deal. Like others point out, there's nothing new here but it will provide those new to the issue with a user-friendly resource. The book didn't come off sounding too angry or condescending as most books on the subject do (I have in mind particularly Russel's &quot;Why I'm not a christian&quot;).The problem with books like these (as the 'Junk' one star review shows us) is that it will appeal to two groups of people. First, the militant atheists (a notoriously angry bunch). This group will read the book as a release; a way to laugh at the rediculousness of faith. The second group that will read it (the 'Junk' review) are the Falwell-style religious zelouts (another notoriously angry bunch). They will read it as incontravertable proof that atheists are over-intellectual and evil. Both groups, of course, have their minds made up before page 1.So the problem is this. I think the book is intended for those who are new to the subject and may be struggling with issues of faith vs. reason. Are they compatible? How can I know god doesn't exist? What does it mean not to believe? This group will quickly find itself lost and likely put off by the aforementioned angry groups. They may just give up on the issue altogether. I know people who have done exactly this for exactly this reason. They see Tim LaHaye in one camp and the Richard Dawkins in the other, both flailing their arms about and shouting and namecalling like schoolchildren Whew! What a choice, right?So the missing star is not due to the content of the book, which is well organized, easily understandable and most importantly not as hostile towards faith as many others on the subject. I give the book four stars because as evident by the below reiviews, this book might offer therapy to two angry groups, but it will not change anyones mind.
I love the sections that moms can connect to - other women of the Bible or special affirmations just for mom. It makes devotions and Bible study more enlightening. The reading plan is also very encouraging and easy to follow.
---...begin with the basics. The Grand Dame of usage among the ranks of the American Medical Writers Association, Edie Schwager has always demonstrated punctiliousness and precision as thoroughgoing as is her charm. A warmly-welcomed and well-beloved member of AMWA's Delaware Valley Chapter, Edie has always been the first person for whom I've looked whenever I've attended any of the Association's meetings. She educates without condescension and is patient beyond belief.Most of us come to the field of medical writing from a technical background, usually having been trained as scientists, health care providers, or allied professionals. Our compositional experience is generally restricted to communications with peers, and the niceties of precise English usage are not well-appreciated by those of us who scraped through the liberal arts side of our education only narrowly (and that only with the utilization of Cliff's Notes and every other kind of cheat-sheet we could get our hands upon). Enter Edie Schwager's very nice little book of tips and tricks.If you aspire to a career as a writer in the health care field, this book belongs alongside your copy of Stedman's, right next to your copies of Iles' *Guidebook to Better Medical Writing* and Bob Bonk's *Medical Writing in Drug Development*.
Love this book. Read most of this author's books. They are all great.
With vulnerability, wit, and healthy cynicism, Ehrenreich plunges into the world of white-collar unemployment, attempting her own job search. It turns out that the indignities of dealing with people and groups supposedly there to "help" job-seekers can seem as bad as the indignity of being laid off in the first place.As Ehrenreich's prospects dim and she's preyed upon by corporations looking for contract sales positions, she reflects on how much of U.S. employment (realtors, franchisees, etc.) actually consists of such pay-to-play "jobs" that pose as something akin to salaried white-collar occupations - often with a brand-name that evokes residual goodwill - but are flooded with entrants and spit out all but a highly driven few. Bait and switch, indeed.As one might expect from someone who's written for the New York Times, she commits some Howard Dean-worthy "blue"-pers such as "the New Testament including psalms and proverbs." (Sure Job wasn't in there?) She's not much more astute about the religious connotation of "fellowship" as a red-stater might be about what "equal rights" generally refers to these days. Nor does she grasp the fact that some Protestant denominations eschew ornamentation for doctrinal reasons, not because "secular D.C. had already had quite an impact on the church..." On the other hand, she does demonstrate familiarity with Jesus' redistributionist pronouncements, central as they are to The Book of Spong.After reading such a deep, insightful story, I was surprised by her simplistic policy recommendation that letting people collect unemployment checks longer would quell "nativist" resentment against offshoring. I never thought a liberal would propose something that simply mollified the symptom rather than tackling the underlying problem. Aren't they all about "root causes"?
I was misled by the title that this book would help 40 year olds prepare for the future. However it is more of a financial guide for those in retirement age of 60 or older. It was an interesting read, and I have it set away on my shelf for the future.
Don't get me wrong. I love Susan Elizabeth Phillips. In my opinion, she is one of the best contemporary fiction romance writers there is. She has this incredible talent of writing a heartwearming, funny, and charming romance story with characters you can connect with. In Breathing Room, she does it yet again, but somehow, it feels as if the spark is missing. The playful bickering/bantering of dialogue is definitely there. So is the romance. And the lush descriptions of Tuscany and the wonderful food makes me smell the aromas of the kitchen cooking. However, whereas the story begins in a promising manner, I felt the end fell a bit flat. Phillips' last novel, This Heart of Mine, carried me all the way through. I laughed, I felt the hurt when the characters hurt. But in Breathing Room, Phillips enters a more mystical realm where Isabella and this search for this sacred fertility statue (I am not joking you) gets to the point of a little bit ridiculous. I give the book four stars still, but really felt like it was more of a 3 1/2. If you want Phillips at her best, read This Heart of Mine, or Nobody's Baby But Mine.
Having recently purchased "Sega Genesis Collections", I can say that I haven't been this pleased with a $19.99 game in a long, long time. As the title of this review indicates, this collection would have been worthwhile if it only included Phantasy Star II, II and IV, all of which are good (although II shows its age significantly). However, there are 28 other games present here. A reviewer above had given his opinion of the games; I think I'll give mine as well:Alex Kidd in the Enchanted Castle:I'm stunned that this character got so many Sega games - I find this game incredibly annoying. Controls (as is the case for many genesis games) are incredibly dicey, and the game itself seems rather insipid (rock, paper, scissors? I'll pass). It's fin for a moment, but like arcade hits of the past, quickly loses its charm.Altered Beast:The cheese factor alone makes this a fun game. Some of the worst voices ever to grace a video game. This game is so-so, but nothing to write home abou (the arcade version, which can be unlocked after a painful ordeal, is much better).Bonanza Bros:I don't get this one at all. Terribly unsatisfying - I feel for the schmoes who paid big bucks for this in the 90's.Columns:Decent Tetris knockoff, but gets difficult quickly. The 2-player versus is a lot of fun, though (although it's no "Puzzle Fighter"). I found this game incredibly frustrating after the first few levels.Comix Zone:One of the surprises of the set. A later Genesis game, you travel through comic panels fighting bad guys that you created while in the real world. Stylistically, it is incredibly nice. The voices again are incredibly painful (particularly the "See ya!" spoken after defeating any character), but I found this one to be a hidden gem.Decap Attack:Another game I don't remember from back in the day, you play as a mummy attempting to thwart an evil underworld denizen. A pretty good game.Ecco the Dolphin:I liked this game when it came out, and I like it now. Although the undersea graphics aren't so impressive now, the game remains original and fun to play. Two of its sequels, present on the game, are also OK.Flicky:Platform game. I'm not a big fan of the genre in general, and this game did nothing to really make me one. It's cute saving your young chicks, but only OK overall.Gain Ground:Essentially, you run around shooting enemies and saving hostages. The fact that you can ultimately play as 20 different characters gives this game some interesting history, but it's not all that great.Golden Axe:Why is a sword fighter named Ax Battler? And why is "ax" spelled two different ways in the game? I'm sure scholars will ponder these questions for eons. As for the game, Golden Ax is incredibly frustrating now (depth issues of which the AI is a master is the main foe) - at the time, I accepted bad controls as part of the game. There is significant improvement in the sequels, however (GA 2 and 3 are also present).Kid Chamelion:I found this game to be kind of charming. An obvious Mario knockoff, you play as a kid in a virtual world, who can...that's right...hit blocks with his head to acquire helmets that will give him new powers, while hopping and bopping enemies. It pales in comparison to Mario, mind you, but it's got its moments.Phantasy Star:Is it Parma? Palma? I sure remember "Palma" from my youth, but "Parma" seems to be the name now. In any case, great games, WELL worth the price of admission. No, they're not as good as "Final Fantasy", and never were, despite the yelps from the games' fans. But nonetheless, these games had excellent stories, with great plot twists (even for today).Ristar:Fun little game where you play as a guy with a star for a head. Resembles "Sonic" too much to warrant exceptional praise, but it's a fun game.Shinobi:There are two "Shinobi" titles on this disc. "Shadow Dancer" stinks, in my opinion. "Shinobi III" is still a lot of fun.Sonic the Hedgehog:Oh yeah, THAT guy makes this collection, too. Both "Sonic" and "Sonic 2" are present here, and both remain excellent. My only gripe (which was the same as when the game was released) are the controls are too fidgety for such a high-speed game. But both games are still excellent to play.Super Thunder Blade:Going WAY back into the Genesis library(I didn't play this version, although I played the original arcade version), STB is an OK game (for an early 3-D shooter), but it's not my style.Sword of Vermillion:Ummm, well, this game is baffling to me. The game tells me that a 106-page hint book was included with the original release because "Americans weren't used to RPG's". Thank God all RPG's weren't like this one. Essentially, this game manages to mix all that was wrong with many of my favorite games ("Ultima: Exodus" comes to mind, as does the far less-well-known "Dungeon Magic"). This one is the stinker of the bunch.Vectorman:Late additions to the Genesis library, and both games were very good. The environments still look kind of trippy even today. I was happy to see these appear here.Virtua Fighter 2:Don't be fooled - this was a horrible port of a great game. Nothing about this game is VF2 other than the characters' names. Released near the end of the system's life, this game has "We want money for a shoddy product" written all over it.So that's my take. Happy gaming!
In 1987 I bought a copy of 'The Eight'... I said I would get to it 'one of these days'. Well it was New Years Eve 2006-2007 that I sat down and restarted my reading... due to the fact that I have a rather convoluted life to walk I did it in bites but each bite made me want to bite more and more! I finished the book just three days ago... I want her to write the sequel! I really found the cast of characters well done and of course the chess game itself (the book) is one that will wrap you within its clutches and bring you flying back and forth between events in time. I liked the book I liked the story and I would say that anyone that wants a good read (one that doesn't serve everything on a silver platter and makes your mind envision the places and people!) should grab this book and sit and savor it... and think. There IS a reason it has been translated into so many languages and become a 'cult icon'... now I too am in that 'cult'. Thank you Katherine! (P.S. to everybody else... BUY THIS BOOK!)
Don't expect a Wes Craven-written, Steven Spielberg-produced cinematography-rich motion picture, and you'll have a blast. It's like a movie made for a college class assignment. Terrible acting, cheesy effects, horrible dialogue, home-made sets, all shot with home video camera splendor ... I LOVE IT!!! Just the no-stress-on-the-brain recreation one occasionally needs. Very original.
More than a chronicle of events, more than a literary analysis of his existence, Edward Said's auto-biography goes far beyond a story of his own, it's the ingenius account of every American, and perhaps every human being in his intellectual struggle to break away from man's fundamental lonliness and isolation.
I was very excited to finally locate and be able to purchase a hairpin lace loom and try out one of the patterns in Kristin Omdahl's book. Unfortunately my hairpin loom arrived bent. It was shipped in a bubblemail envelope with no protection and I have not figured out how to straighten it out.I did contact the seller and my money was refunded but I still have a bent hairpin loom and no confidence in ordering another as it will likely be shipped the same way, in an envelope instead of a box.
I bought this for our office and was extremely dissatisfied with it. It stopped working after only 8 months of light use (storing our milk for coffee). Save yourself some grief and get a better known brand.
I am extremely disappointed with this purchase (and I just made three of them.) Last year I bought the book and the companion CD separately, so when I saw this special edition and price with the book and CD combined, I was delighted because I could afford to give both as Christmas gifts for three separate families. Boy was I embarassed yesterday when they opened up the book and tucked in the back was the "CD" with only 3 songs on it (as opposed to the nearly 20 the original has). I reread the description of this edition on Amazon's website this morning and I don't see it mentioned anywhere that the CD was so incomplete. It implies its the same CD as the companion CD. Charity or no charity, this should have been clearly explained in Amazon's description. If that was the case, I would have bought my family members ONLY the companion CD, which we've enjoyed much more than the book (which is pretty uneven, as previous reviewers have noted.) BUYER BEWARE!
I used it as a backup battery. It worked fine before it died although the battery life is not as long as the original one. Hey it was cheap.
I have to preface my comments by saying that I don't agree with the sport of boxing and were I king for a day I'd outlaw it. However...I thought this was one of the best movies of all time. Direction was superb by Ron Howard (I'll seek out and see any Ron Howard film). I also thought this was a great role for Russell Crowe and Renee Zellweger. I can either dislike or like performances of each of those actors. This was a great fit for both. The period presentation of the late 20's and early 30's was wonderful too. Finally the story was satisfying with the solid husband-wife-family relationship and the honesty and integrety of the true life character James Braddock.
I imagine that this was a box office flop because of the word of mouth by those who saw it. Do you enjoy the fake, haughty, Victorian style dialogue and acting style that dominates the worst melodramas? I don't. That's how the characters talk in this film. Also, absolutely nothing happens in this film that isn't predicted by the "thinking" man. So, no, this is not a "thinking man's horror"--it's a preditable, mind-numbing horror. Third, to compare this to Hammer is an insult to Hammer Films and its fans. Hammer was never so dull, and always had better dialogue and plot points and story and actors and music and horror. On top of that, the chills aren't subtle in this film--chills are non-existent, and the so-called scare factor is extremely dated and ineffective.The film may rely more on story than shocks, but if the story is boring and predictiable, what's the point?On top of all of this, the DVD is non-anamorphic. The plus side is that even though it was filmed in 2:35, you can still zoom in on the picture without cutting off the sides of the picture.
All I can say about this book is this -It is no different than his one-sided slant on his radio show and television show. It is about him, his opinions and as usual he never really provides accurate information from the other side of the fence.It does not matter if you are conservative, moderate, or liberal, facts are facts and they should be presented clearly and honestly.I used to be one of the cult members that believed O'Reilly was what America needed. It sickens me now to think of how much time I wasted on him and his lies. Well, America has had too much and it is time for America to throw up from the indigestion of O'Reilly.
This meter is not as small as it appears online and requires about 8 of those odd LR type flat batteries-- the add does not mention battery size or amount (I was hoping on AA or AAA batteries). Additionally, it's built in light never worked and its seller refuse to respond to me or my concerns.
One of the things I truly love about Brenda Joyce's books is that even if you start on the third book of a six book serious, you're not lost. You'll probably appreciate the secondary characters or the ancestors more if you read the books in sequence, but it's not necessary to follow the book completely.In saying that, I agree that Brenda did stray from her usual formula in the first three-quarters of the book, but I didn't feel that I knew Tyrell any less. In fact, I think I was so ready to hear his side that I read it that much slower just to absorb his personality more. And boy, did I think he was great.
My friend got me hooked into ER a year ago and I could not stop watching it. I watch the episodes every Thursday on NBC, but this movie is the best of all. I got this for Christmas one year, and since then I have probably seen it 20 times. It gives me a good feeling whenever I watch it, which horror movies can't do, and I love horror movies (just click see more about me to find out!) The music sets the tone for the movie. The movie is perfect and I couldn't see how it could get any better. It is weird to think that only a few characters from this movie still live on in the show today. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes hospitals, medical dramas, or just anyone who likes that feeling of a good movie. That is how good this movie is.
First i would like to say that every song ive ever heard from afroman is seriously amazing. I swear this is exactly what hip hop and the rap game needs. His lyrics and flow are really good, his beats are soo tight. He has his own unique style thats irresistable. Everyone should pick up a copy of this cd and all of his others.Afroman is down to earth and talks about real stuff and also loves talking about having a good time with his homies smoking weed and getting drunk. He is really funny too. He's not all about smoking weed and he dosnt talk about it to be cool. Just have an openmind and please listen, just because he isnt a mainstream rapper like 50 cent dosnt mean he isnt good. Everytime i listen to one of his cd's it automatically puts me in a good mood. I reccommend to get all of cds, you will NOT be dissapointed. Albums: 1.Sell your dope 2.The Good Times 3.Afroholic - The even better times 4.4ro:20And he has a christmas album Afroman - Jobells which is really funny
The watch keeps losing minutes, and the light won't come on, anymore. Took it in for a new battery, and that didn't do anything for it. Too expensive, $28, for it to fall apart so quickly.
This book is a fictionalized story of the woman in one of Vermeer's paintings; Girl with a Pearl Earring. It is considered one of the most well-known paintings of Vermeer, if not the most.The girl in the painting, according to the book, is 16-year-old maid, Griet. She then starts from just serving the family, cleaning the house, doing laundry, and other household chores to becoming Vermeer's assistant.As for every book I have read, I try to write down both the positive and negative things about it. And for this review, I'll start with the positives.I do like the way the author writes, especially her descriptions and attention to detail; they were just right and not over the top. This is true most especially when she describes the landscapes, clothes, and settings. It is almost as if you yourself are actually in that era in Delft, living the life of Griet. This is also true every time she talks about the different uses of the paints and colors. I found them very interesting. Generally, this read is not boring because she writes very well and the concept of the book is mysterious and new.As for the negatives, ::may contain spoilers:: I do have to say that the ending was too abrupt and sudden. There are many loose ends. I also did not like most of the characters except for Maria Thins and Vermeer. The rest of them are either intentionally annoying or unintentionally uninteresting. I did not even like Griet, the main protagonist, at times. Although she was incredibly interesting and alive in this book, her character was overall unconvincing. For me, it was not so believable that a maid that has been said could not speak, write, interpret that well, and has no educational background whatsoever, was able to assist a talented painter by giving such knowledgeable and effective input. Maybe if she just gave little but helpful advices and tips here and there, it would have been more believable. But she was actually giving very, very credible help. But then again, maybe it is just me.THE CONSENSUS: It was a good read; I liked it. But it's the type of book that I probably would not be so enthusiastic picking up and reading over again. It is a fresh take on a mysterious historical painting, mixed with Chevalier's intricate writing. However, if you don't like rushed endings with loose ends left, then this book is probably not for you.
I ordered the Deltran Smart charger (tender) as it's the same unit that BMW uses. It had nothing but great reviews and so far I'm very pleased. I have it hooked to my Generater to keep the battery charged and ready as it's Hurricane season in FL. They claim their charging method will actually make the battery last longer, that would be nice, but time will tell. Comes with two end, standard clips and type that you can bolt on to the battery lugs. There is a disconnect in the cable so you can leave it attached to the battery and just plug the charger. The side on the battery even had a nice little plug so you can't short out the battery if the cable is moving around after being disconnected. Very pleased so far and would buy another one if I needed it.
It's cold outside on this lazy Sunday. Found this free Kindle book and decided to give it a chance. Really enjoyed this book - read it in an evening. I cheered the "good guys" and boo'd the "bad guys". Little bit of mystery, some romance. I like the way this author describes the scenes, the people, and felt the book moved along at a good pace.
I have to say I haven't read these books since they came out-However, I did remember that I LOVED them and remembered them all these years. I bought two of them for my grandson to read. (He's not much of a reader but I hope these excellent books will spark a little more interest). I used to have all of them but time and moving have made them disappear. Good characters and written in an interesting way. I'll update you on his response!
While the Curious George portion of this video is ok (my daughter loves it). The other stories are downright morbid and creepy. They gave me nightmares, let alone my kid. I don't understand why such weirdness was lumped together with something as wholesome as Curious George.
I love this preppy little tennis sweater/polo combination. It is so very chic. I ordered two of these sweaters, i.e., green/yellow and pink/white. I ordered them for my two ShihTzus Darby & Hampshire. They typically wear a medium (16". The sweaters fit them perfectly. The sweaters were true to size. The quality of the sweaters is superior. They are thick and plush, and they are suitable for spring, fall, & winter in Florida. The fabric is durable and wears well even after several washes. We live in rural Florida so my little ones pick up the dirt. I flat dry them so I haven't put them in the dryer. Treat them like doll clothing and they last longer and look fresher longer.
Ce film est en effet d'une beaut&eacute;e , qui laisse en nous une trace longue a dig&eacute;r&eacute; - L'histoire est grandiose , profond&eacute;mment humaine - Daniel Auteuil est dans un de ces grands rles a la mesure de son immense talent mais moi qui suis un admirateur aussi sans borne de Juliette Binoche , je trouve que le rle ne lui vas pas ; j'aurais pr&eacute;f&eacute;rer quelqu'un d'autre : je l'imagine plus dans des films tr&egrave;s intimiste ou parfois seul son visage ou son regard fascinant parlent d'eux mme -hors l&agrave; le personnage est je pense trop net,trop concret , ce n'est pas dans la palette de Juliette- Juliette est un rve quand on la regarde, tr&egrave;s peu d'identification a un quelconque personnage lui convient - Je crois que les films qui lui vont le mieux sont ceux d'une femme sans nom , sans lieu , sans rien , ni pass&eacute; - En fait tr&egrave;s peu de rles pourrait lui convenir ; encore faudrait t'il chercher exactemment ce qu'elle incarne(.....peut tre l'histoire d'un ange) Christian (France)
The Lavender Lab was much bigger than I anticipated. He has lavender spots of the top of his head, the top of his back, and under his tummy. It really leaves a nice lavender scent lingering on the bed. I was a little surprised to find that the purple satin blanket the lab lays on is not attached to the lab in a permanent way. It is just attached with plastic tags, which I had to remove for safety. I'm not too disappointed about that, since it allows me to place the lab directly on the sleep surface as opposed to the scent having to get through the purple blankie, too. A plus is that you can bring the purple blankie that has been sitting next to the lab on car rides for better car napping without having to drag Lavender Lab along for the ride. He can remain at home preparing the bed for nighttime. I love our lavender lab and wish I had purchased him sooner. He comes nicely packaged in a sheer white bag that would be lovely for gifting. This is not just a night soothing solution for babies, but for anyone needing a bit of aromatherapy!
It is actually very pretty and does what it says it does, unless you do not like feeling bumps on your fingers and hands when you drive. The designs are VERY 3D and you feel every bump. But it is ok for me because I use it for extreme cold and extreme hot.
I should of listened to Forest from ISU. I bought "Hours" and was so floored, I figured I would give "Casually..." a try. What a mistake. This album is so spotty it boggles the mind that this band made the work of art "Hours". This album should be called "Casually Overated & Deep in Mediocrity". This band is absolutely amazing, dont get we wrong, but this album was just a stepping stone to get noticed and produce better work. The effect of this album makes you want to listen to it less and less. "Hours" gets better and better every listen. I find myself waking up with songs from "Hours" stuck in my head. Everything about this album is a few notches below "Hours". From the substandard vocals, to the plain guitars, to the average drums. Now maybe I wouldnt be so critical of this album if I didnt hear Hours but I guess this pales in comparision so much, its laughable. If you want to buy this album, do it in support of a great band getting better and dont expect to get much more out of it than that.
I'm not really into the realistic, squad-based military shooters that are in vogue right now. I think real-life war is terrible and I don't want to be a part of it. Star Wars Battlefront II shares many characteristics with more realistic, gritty wargames, but has a nice, fun, Star Wars shell over it. Jedi Knights (you know, samurai from space!) and power droids (the walking battery robots sho say "Gonk!") are everywhere, and the action is fast and furious. It's like a free-for-all with Star Wars "action figures," and just about every vehicle or animal from the movies you'd like to drive/fly/ride.My favorite part about this game is the addition of several space missions. It's not as sophisticated as the old X-Wing flight simulator games -- this is meant to be picked up and played by anyone. All you need to know is how to turn and shoot. Subtleties like taking down the enemy's shield, landing inside their ship, and sabotaging their equipment will come later. Even if you mess up and blow yourself to pieces, you'll respawn and be back in the action in a few seconds. Online setup is a breeze, and the game plays just fine with or without voice chat (I choose without, personally -- seems lots of 12-year-old boys like this game, too).If you're into Star Wars, this is about as complete an experience you could hope for. You can live inside the skin of all your favorite characters in both the old trilogy (whiny Luke, cocky Han, bossy Leia, hissing Darth Vader) and the new one (bad-ass Mace Windu, sword-swingin' Yoda, paternally whiny Anakin Skywalker, or the amazing Jango Fett). You can go to all the planets from the movies, and even see some sights that were only in the "expanded universe" such as Rhen Var. Or, like me, you could just queue up the maps for Hoth, Space Hoth, Death Star, Bespin and Tantive 4 to relive Star Wars and The Empire Strikes Back again, again, again, and again. Look for me online, I think I might be playing this one for a while. It's a lot less demanding of my time and brain than Halo 2. Isn't that what video games are all about?
These fit my older-style Red Devil scrapers, are nice & sharp and they work well.I like the fact that they can be re-sharpened, instead of just throwing them away.I couldn't find these ANYWHERE - all the hardware stores around me only carried replacement blades for newer models of scrapers, so I was very happy to find them on Amazon.
I expected a gory slasher movie and what I got was a boring...well, I don't know what kind of movie they were trying to make her.The filmmakers thought bery highly of theirselfs and thought they were being clever with all the little twists and turns, but this psychological thiller has been done a million times before, and better.Also, Jon Bon Jovi sucks in this movie. If you get this as a gift, you'd be better off using the DVD as a coaster for your cola or ice tea.
This book is a good source on idioms in Navajo, and it also has lots of example sentences illustrating the idioms (as well as illustrating all sort of other things on the way). This should be quite useful to intermediate and advanced students.However, this is /not/ for beginning students -- they will find this book basically unusable.I advise beginning students to buy Goossen's intro book (/Dine Bizaad/), and to buy one or both of the other big Navajo dictionaries (/Analytical Lexicon of Navajo/ and /The Navajo Language: A Grammar and Colloquial Dictionary/, both by Young and Morgan).
I DID NOT like this make up at all. It made my skin tone look orange - I used the lightest shade available because I am fair skinned but it still turned orange on me! It also has a shiny glittery effect on the skin that I hate. I have to agree with some other reviews that it does not cover flaws well either and does not stay on well for lasting coverage. I will stick with my tried and true liquid brand that has pretty much always served me well. I only tried the starter kit because I had heard so much great hype for this product, however, I was greatly disappointed in the performance and look of this make up.This stuff just looked like "glittery powder" on my face and nothing more. As far as that make-up artist saying you needed "good skin" to use this product I am 44 and I have no wrinkles or bad spots on my face, no pimples or rough dry skin, etc. and it still looked terrible on me. I see a lot of people seem to think this make-up is "all that," and I'm glad it worked for them but I sure didn't like it. I'll never use it or anything similar to it again. I would suggest going to Wal-Mart or your local drug store and purchasing a similar product by L'Oreal, Maybelline and several other make-up companies which now offer a similar product at half the price of this junk or less which I am told works just as well for those who like a "loose powder" type foundation.
I am a huge Garwood fan (the Bride, the Wedding Honor's Splendour, etc), but this book was a major disappointment. I didn't even finish it, it was that bad. The beginning starts off alright albeit a little strange (with Jade requesting to be killed), but the story gets lost in all the twists and turns. Jade comes across as vacuous, yet she is supposedly some sort of genius piratical figure. She is abrasive, rude, and arrogant. The male lead is more tolerable, but overwhelmed by the female lead. There is little to no chemistry between them.The book read like a term paper written by a high school student. I was hoping for some sort of redemption, but about 3/4 of the way through the book, I gave up on it. It's the first romance novel by anyone of Garwood's caliber that I've ever not finished.The plot gets lost in the details and the conversations are very difficult to read. The conversations between the characters do not flow at all. For example, here is the type of conversational writing in this book (not an excerpt, just the style of writing):Jade: Caine, I want to speak with you.Caine: What about, Jade?Jade: I am mad at you, Caine.Caine: But Jade, I think you're overreacting.Jade: No, I'm not Caine.etc. The main characters use each other's first name in nearly every sentence spoken to each other, which is unnatural and choppy. I had to include this in my review because it bothered me to no end.Very, very disappointing. You would do better to save your time and money and get another Garwood book.
Use Lithium Ion batteries and you'll not need a battery change for about 2 years!
Reading this book made me realize that there are three keepers of the Star Wars flame- Timothy Zahn, Michael Stackpole, and Aaron Allston. Their books alone are suffused with enough action, adventure, plot, and surprises to live up to the movies (all four of them, you non-believers you!). This book had enough twists in it to keep me on the edge of my seat and guessing at the same time, and I liked how he scheduled this one after Thrawn's death but before the Jedi Academy trilogy (blech!), where so far no author has dared to tread. I can't wait for the next one! But, one question-what the heck is Myn Donos doing with the Rogues?
I bought this to back up my hard drive to with the idea that I would reinstall windows on the hard drive and then restore from the maxtor.***The install of the maxtor and the backup went seamlessly. It was like it had always been there. No complaints with the product****The complaint is with me:BEWARE if you plan to do a new install of windows to DISCONNECT THE MAXTOR before you start because people as stupid as myself delete the partition table on the maxtor inadvertently and have to pay $$ to get the data recovery afterwards - glad to pay it for what I got but not my best scenario. Someone else I know inadvertently selected the maxtor as the boot drive for windows install and now the computer brain is on the maxtor instead of in the regular place; also because someone forgot to disconnect the maxtor before the computer lobotomy commenced.
I put this blade on my Craftsman radial arm saw and it completelychanged the way I feel about that saw. Now the thing cutslike a hot knife through butter. The cross cuts leave endgrain so smooth you'd swear you were feeling a sanded surfacewith the grain. Ok, maybe not that smooth, but still, prettydarn smooth. I haven't tried any other fancy or expensiveblades, but this blade put my old cross cutting blades toshame. Highly recommended.
Tracklisting plus length was posted so i just write what i think about the tracks. Like i said in the title everything seems great but the vocals are just poor. Everyone can sing if he/she has the money i guess. But i never give a damn who is singing - the remixers are all i care about. Mixes are great but weather you like them or not - it depends on your taste.1. Turn It Up (Album Version) ** now this mix is poor - but when you listen to Paris album it turns out its pretty decent - no wonder they chose this track to be the second single;2. Turn It Up (DJ Dan Hot 2 Trot Edit) ****3. Turn It Up (Paul Oakenfold Mix) *** very poor mix - his collaboration with Brittany Murphy "Faster Kill Pussycat" was a LOT better; this one sounds too loud and 'messy';4. Turn It Up (DJ Dan Hot 2 Trot Dub) **** if you like the vocal mix you may also enjoy the longer dub version - i do;5. Turn It Up (DJ Dan Hot 2 Trot Vocal Mix) ***** my fav mix, better than Rauhofer mixes for me, and is not too long, only 6:36; electro house - so popular these days;6. Turn It Up (Peter Rauhofer Does Paris Mix) ***** very good, hard house plus electro i guess, reminds me of Peter's recent mixes like 2 Raum Wohnung & Moguai "Sex Secret" or Starkillers "Discoteka", my fav Peter mix on this cdsingle;7. Turn It Up (Peter Rauhofer Turns It Up Mix) *** the mix is typical tribal house Peter does, too long and too boring for my liking, the vocals he uses in this mix are not good. Too much bass was used too. I recommend the other mix.Overall the cdsingle is worth the money. You get a variety of mixes and i'm sure you'll like at least one ^^
Although better than his last book, Rainbow Six, I was still disappointed with Tom Clancy's latest effort. Next to Rainbow Six this is his weakest work to date. It appears that Tom Clancy is running out of plot ideas because the story line is basically a combination of Red Storm Rising and Debt of Honor with the Chinese as the villians this time around. The story itself is pretty predictable, any body who has read any of Tom Clancy's previous works will be able to figure out the ending early on. The book is 1028 pages which is about 500 pages too long for the story line. Tom Clancy could have easily eliminated 500 pages and I don't think it would have made a difference to the overall plot. A lot of the superfluous text is the result of Tom Clancy injecting his own polictical views in the story via President Jack Ryan. I have nothing againts Tom Clancy's political views, I even agree with some of them, but add nothing to the story line, and in fact if anythng, they detract from the storyline.
They seal well and I can close them (some force), however opening them is nearly impossible. We have all tried and have come to the decision that this must be a design flaw. The small lip is painful on your fingers. They really should have put a little finger lip that you could get your finger under or a slightly larger lip. Right now the lip just is painful.I have purchased some Rubbermaid serving savers which are much nicer to open and close.
One of my top five films of all time. I won't speak much about the film itself, under the assumption most readers have already seen it. You can be guaranteed a fantastic film if you haven't seen this yet.As far as the BD itself, the transfer is absolutely fantastic! The DVD version itself already had a pretty pristine transfer, but of course with the BD upgrade the resolution and detail is so much better, and of course comes loaded with extras and an accompanying booklet that is actually quite thorough and should be considered an item in itself, and not just a supplement to the disc.I haven't watched them all, but the extras that are bundled with the film are plentiful and quite informative. Often times with extras you feel as though it is just filler and fodder (let's be honest, it usually is) but at least Criterion makes a conscious effort to make it interesting. I'd say the extras are worthwhile, and also an upgrade from the DVD version.The biggest difference I noticed from my first viewing is that the subtitles are slightly changed from the DVD version, and also theatrically. There are probably lots of different translations, but it IS different from the DVD but not drastically. The same point is made, but just using a different delivery. Not sure how I feel about some of the changes, but I probably just got used to the previous translation.I'm not sure where some of these discrepancies or complaints are coming from that have surfaced recently, but my copy was packaged in the special made Criterion jewel cases, NOT the cardboard ones, and of course not the actual blue ones. For a while, with some of the earlier releases, Criterion was releasing its BDs in cardboard slip case and digi-pack format which angered a lot of customers who spoke their voice and got them to upgrade to the now standard jewel cases. A good move in my opinion, but now I'm stuck with Third Man and 400 Blows in cardboard. Reportedly, you can send in the old cases to get upgraded to new ones, but it'll cost you 5 bucks each, so... I think I can live with it.
I HAD TO FORCE MYSELF TO KEEP READING THIS NOVEL. I ASSUMED THAT A NOVEL THAT HAD GOTTEN TO THE STATUS OF &quot;CLASSIC&quot; WOULD BE A TERRIFIC NOVEL. THIS IS NOT THE CASE. EVERY EXCITING PAGE IN THE BOOK WAS FOLLOWED BY 50 PAGES OF TEDIOUS NOTHING. I AM AN AVID READER AND USUALLY FINISH A NOVEL IN A COUPLE OF DAYS. THIS TOOK ME TWO WEEKS TO FINISH. I COULDN'T WAIT FOR IT TO END.UNLESS YOU HAVE TO READ THIS FOR A CLASS DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME.
Midtown Madness is the only software title I've ever purchased that keeps me and my son going back for more and more and more (for almost two years straight). It's also the only title I will never uninstall. A metal goes to the genious' at Angel Studios for coming to the obvious conclusion that driving in circles is a drag but having free high octane access to the streets of America's greatest city (Chicago) would be a blast and Midtown Madness is simply that, blowing away every other racing title off the road. And a big high five and kudos to Microsoft for putting it in the box so I could buy it. Why? Because it has been brilliantly injected with a mondo dose of what every red blooded American driver wants, freedom! Pile drive your way down side streets, alleys or Lakeshore Drive at 100 mph plus during rush hour! Destroy every mail box, phone booth and street sign it sight all the while driving poor unsuspecting citizens from the sidewalk just to listen to them scream! There's no blood, no death, no four letter words or flying middle fingers just pure unrestrained fun everytime you get behind the wheel of a wide range of four wheelers like a Caddy, Bug, Semi, city bus or Mustang (just to name a few). It ran great when all I had was an ATI 4mb video board (my system is PII, 450mhz), but now that I've upgraded to an ATI 32mb board the visual MADNESS is nearly lethal. And when I've got a half dozen of Chicago's finest flashing those pretty reds in my rearview mirror, doing everything in their power to ram me off the busy city streets, I just know I'll be spending the night in cyber jail for any number of serious moving violations, and isn't that what it's all about!
Frankly, this is a very poorly written book. I suppose the lessons about money were instructive -- to a degree. I think they were reasonably well illustrated, but talk about beating a dead horse.Granted the purpose of this book is not to shake up the literature scene, but to talk about peoples' attitudes about money and how irrational they can be. To the degree it does that, the book is worth reading.The thing is, the package ain't pretty. Having to read through the &quot;narrative&quot; is quite painful, if not completely uninteresting.
They are more potato crockets in the shape of a ball rather than Au Gratin, but nevertheless YUM YUM YUM!
I was a college professor of 19 years and have been a public school substiute since 09/05. Saw a copy in a public library and decided to get some food. Found myself turned out greatly by some stories, neutral on others and not touched at all on a few. But a great cookbook has somerecipies for everyone. Putting myself into the shoes of each author I tried to sense the feelings in their soul. Each teacher and student spoke from the heart. Surely one must be moved when another bares their soul, especially dealing with the trials and tribulations of working with children of all ages, trying to encourage them to learn and grow.One never knows when a few words or seemingly routine trivial actions will have a profound impact on at least one other person. Eleanor Rooosevelt said it was better to light just one little candle than stumble in the dark. Most teachers cited light at least one candle a term,regardless if they are teaching kindergarten or grade 12.Let me share two here rather than send them in. The process of getting hired as a substitute teacher in many areas involves being interviewed and positively recommended for hire by a public school administrator. I went to my first interview perhaps not fully prepared psychologically. Aperson asked me some questions over a desk: I could not answer them in K-12 teaching terms, having only previously taught college. The end result found an administrator suggesting I never be hired as a substitute. This was devastating and unexpected. Calling a peer at the education office, I was advised to out right away and get another interview. The second time, I was a bit more loose psychologically. The interviewers were very friendly. Good rapport waa established. I left that school toward the end of the afternoon with a strong rcommendation to be approved as a fine substitute teacher. Within 24 hours there were two interviews with oppostite resultsn. Isn't Clark Kent also Superman.I started as an elementary school substitute. After a few weeks I subbed at the high school that viewed me favorably. Leaving the administrative offices after subbing one day I encountered two young boys who were not older than third graders. They proudly greeted me with "Hello Dr. K."I highly recommend this book and your feedback.
You will most definitely be entertained by this DVD set, I recently rented the discs and am now ready to buy them as soon as possible. The series showcases a talented young cast dealing with issues in high school in the early 80s. It also sports an amazing soundtrack. Do yourself a favor and don't miss out.
This album marks the end of the ELO loved by many around the world. This is a trio performed by Jeff Lynne (Vocals, Electric and Acoustic guitars, Bass guitar, Keyboards, Percussion), Bev Bevan (Drums, Percussion) and Richard Tandy (Keyboards, Sequence Programming). There are some saxophone pieces played by Christian Shnieder. The rest of the band members are missing.Without Kelly Groucutt's vocals, Jeff Lynne sings both main and backing vocals, leaving the vocals section sounding overdubbed and thin. With violinist Mik Kaminski absent, keyboards are now used to play simulated violin sounds. And to further thin the ELO sound, conductor Louis Clark is absent meaning there are no orchestra sections anywhere in the sound.With many of the band members missing, and this being the last real ELO album, it is fitting that this album has a doom and gloom theme to it. We have a song about pending doom called "Sorrow About to Fall". We have songs about relationship problem such as "Getting to the Point", "So Serious", "Without Someone", and "Endless Lies". Then we have "Send It", a song about lost dreams. If that is not enough doom and gloom, we have the bonus material to give us even more doom and gloom! We have "In For The Kill", a song about people who just care about money and that's it. Then we have "Caught In A Trap", a song about being in a dead end situation. And finally we have "Destination Unknown", a song about being fed up with life and leaving town. Talk about doom and gloom! This is indeed the darkest and most depressing ELO album ever made.The two finest moments on this album are "Without Someone", which is a very beautiful piece of work, and "Calling America" which is the only real uplifting song on this album.Regardless of the doom and gloom theme, and the absence of the full ELO sound we've all grown to love, some of theses songs are quite nice. If you are an avid ELO fan, I highly recommend this particular version of the album over all other versions released. With this version you get the original LP artwork on an LP style paper case, a CD sleeve insert that mimics the old LP version, as well as extra songs, extra notes about the band, and excellent sound quality. This album marks to end of a great band and belongs in everyone's ELO collection. This is a must have for all ELO fans!
ross's 337 pages is seemingly daunting with charts, statistics, historical and conceptual overview, until you read it. it is very accessible even for someone like me who is a new comer to the issue. it is written simply and non-technically. i didn't know anything, not really, about sweat shops. but from the beginning ross takes on a very personal approach by stating his reasons for writing this book - his parents were garment factory workers!he doesn't blame the re-introduction of sweatshops in the states and around the world on a single issue like global capitalism, which he does cite as the greatest contributor to it, but maps out a complex web of lack of uninization, lack of law-enforcement, and political philosophies.it is an extensively researched book that has helped me to understand the scope and the nature of the problem, that is violation of human dignity through unethical practice of power.the title is a bit misleading. it doesn't have much to do about the asthetics, marketing, or the cultural psychology of fashion. fashion is used in much more literal way.
For the past year, I've been on a Jayne Krentz reading kick, and I've probably read at least 50 Krentz/Quick/Castle books during this time. I am such a big fan that I've decided I will try to read every Krentz et al book that receives at least 3 stars on Amazon . . . and I am getting close! I've read some absolutely fabulous, fun, clever books - lots of them, in fact - but this ain't one of them.This is the third "Stephanie James" book I've read; the first, Serpent in Paradise, was pretty good. The second, The Devil To Pay, was so-so . . . weak story line and okay writing. (Thank goodness, Ms. Krentz's writing and story-telling ability has definitely improved in the last 20 years.) Still, I was hopeful that I would like Raven's Prey.But it was awful. First, the hero's description was practically a verbatim description of the hero in The Devil to Pay, even the way the heroine guesses his age. Second, the hero was weird --- emotionally closed, strange notions of male-female relationships, actually strange, period (as in stalker-strange). And, just as in the Devil to Pay, the female character seems to hit the same irritating note, over and over again.Plus, in both stories, the "romance" story is totally unbelievable and lame. It is almost unimaginable why the female likes the male in this story, and just slightly less ludicrous in the Devil to Pay.However, Devil to Pay probably deserves 2.5 to 3 stars; this one only deserves 1. Why? Because the hero is actually fairly sick in the head. He contemplates long and hard about whether to rape the heroine, regrets that he doesn't, then FANTASIZES about how sexy it would have been. He continues to threaten to rape or beat her, has a hair trigger temper, and literally "stalks" her, and ultimately kidnaps her.Of course, the lady's feelings about his behavior are all over the map - one minute she thinks he's a jerk, the next minute she tries to provoke him into raping her (to see if he has any emotions --- how ridiculous and sick!!), then she suddenly melts in his arms after he comes after her. Anyway, the story line is horrendous, but the terrible rating is because the hero is so warped in some of his actions. One could imagine a Stephen King horror story where the "bad guy" acts in much the same way as Judd does on occasion in this story.In fact, he is the worst "hero" that I have read, of all JAK's stories. Fortunately, her idea of "alpha male" as evolved over the years, because she has plenty of caveman type heros in her stories, but none of them are this creepy.If you are looking for a good JAK book to read, I recommend calling up all her books on Amazon, asking for the titles to be sorted according to customer rating, then choosing books that are 4 stars or better that have over 10 reviewers.
UPDATE II: We have owned and used 2 of these phones for well over 6 months now. In that time period I managed to drop my phone a number of times, sometimes on very hard surfaces. Other than light scrathes and a slightly misshapen antenna, the phone works perfect. Does it ever drop a call? Yes, if the reception is poor. This is a function of the network rather than the phone. Our phones have not frozen up a single time. I can send and receive text messages just fine, no problems. I never turn this phone off. It needs a recharge every 3-5 days depending on usage, which is quite reasonable. Recharging does take a rather long time, several hours, but hey, nothing's perfect. As far as displays "just breaking": please do not store your cellphone in a cement mixer, people! This is a brilliant and sturdy phone, and all the people writing bad reviews have some sort of grudge against T-mobile or Motorola, which is OK, but don't knock a perfectly fine phone in the process.UPDATE: a LOT of the negative reviews are about the V300 which looks very similar to the V330 (identical really, except for the keypad) but lacks many features and in general is far inferior. Any reviews starting with "I had this phone for a year" and similar are NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS PHONE. This phone became available in April of 2005.I have owned about half a dozen cellphones over the years. I never paid (after rebates that is) for one and I intend it to stay that way, so this review is not for those willing to blow wads of cash for the latest and greatest because they use it professionally or have an all-overriding need to hear people gasp when they take their phone out of their pockets. Obviously, you would not expect a "better than free" phone to have the absolute greatest specs available. Still, the V330 is a surprisingly full-featured phone.I also believe that discussing coverage issues is largely moot in phone reviews, because depending on your geographical location, you may think that signal strengths are absolutely perfect, or that (put your provider here) is the worst carrier ever. I get five bars at my house, but only two or three at my work.So far I only talked to customer service once, but they were perfectly helpful and hold times were not excessive.When I was shopping around for this phone I had a few requirements that I definitely wanted:1. It had to be a flip phone. I had enough of the "bar" type devices, especially the cumbersome process of locking the keypads and difficulties of answering calls quickly when fishing it out of pockets, backpacks, etc.2. It had to have a camera. This was just to make it a bit more fun. Seems like you only have half a phone without it.3. I would have liked a quad-band phone so that I could use it anywhere during my travels.I was not too worried about bluetooth, voice dialing, or speakerphone capabilities, but it is definitely nice to have those as well. Bluetooth is especially sweet because you can easily up- and download pictures, games, create new ringtones, etc. without having to pay all those fees to T-Mobile. It is too bad that they have no games on their T-zones yet though.The phone has a decent battery life as well, although leaving bluetooth on does shorten it considerably. The keypad is well laid out and handy, and the "joystick" button is easy to use and fairly intuitive. All in all it is a good phone, voice quality is great, and I can actually hear the person at the other end which was not always the case with my previous (Nokia, Samsung, Mitsubishi, etc.) phones.Now for the few and minor shortcomings: The manual is much too brief in the discussion of the many, many features of this phone. Most of the omitted stuff is fairly straightforward to discover though. The built-in memory is not all that plentiful (5 MB). This could certainly be improved upon. Voice dialing takes a bit of patience and I am not fully convinced it is a very useful feature. And the phonebook lists each number separately even if they belong to the same person, resulting in tons of duplicate lines. This is probably the most annoying feature of this phone. But for the money, I can live with that.
to me this cd seemed a cash grab, there was nothing worth purchasing this cd for I love testament but this is only for someone who needs everything if you want live go to live at the Filmore, if you want the classic sound pick up first strike still deadly...this is just junk
I love these pads. I've been using it for about 3 weeks and there is a real difference. Yeah, it's temporary I'm sure, but when you use it every night, you renew the effect.I'm 49 and was starting to feel like my chest is what gave my age away first. I started wearing higher tops and no necklaces to draw your attention to it. After the first night wearing this pad, I could see the difference. I wake up in the morning to smooth skin. Some nights I put up higher, closer to my neck, other nights in the middle of my chest. I'm wearing whatever top I like and necklaces again. I could not be happier with the results.I'm not sure how long it will last, and even if it lasts 60 days, I do think it's still over priced. I've washed it once so far and the stickiness got better, so I'm hopeful I can go the full 60 days with it. I also wear a t-shirt to bed, which I'm sure helps keep it in place.
If ever a movie succeeded on the back of its star, Legally Blonde fits that description. The movie takes a seemingly implausible plot - blonde wants to keep boyfriend so she enrolls in law school - and with the charms of Reese Witherspoon, makes it a joyful and fun movie.Elle Woods (Witherspoon), blonde Calfornia girl, thinks her preppie boyfriend Warner is going to propose. But Warner thinks he needs a serious gilfriend so he dumps Elle for the brunette and more stoic Sarah. Determined to win Warner back, Elle decides to follow him to Harvard Law School. Elle's admissions video is an absolute hoot. It is nice that Witherspoon is fi8nally being noticed, after standout performances in &quot;Pleasantville&quot; and the best of movie of 1999, &quot;Election&quot;. (Sorry &quot;American Beauty&quot;.) The success of &quot;Legally Blonde&quot; has openned new door for her and we can expect a sequel to this and a &quot;Honey West&quot; series, as well as &quot;The Girl's Guide to Hunting and Fishing&quot;.While in law school, Elle is not taken seriously. She shows up in class with a flowered pen and a heart-shaped note pad. Finally, she breaks down and buys a pink I-mac. The contrast between the bubbly blonde Elle and the dour Harvard stuffed shirts is wonderful. Elle manages to get assigned as an assistant on a murder case (another incredible stretch of plausibility) and is able to use all the knowledge she has gained from Cosmo. There are a couple of subplots, like Elle helping her maincurist friend find confidence and the usual sexual discrimination thing, but they are incidental to being able to watch Elle interact with all these Harvard bluebloods. And the movie has something to say about accepting people for who they are and not prejudging them.The key, of course to the success of this movie is Reese Witherspoon. She is a pure delight to watch. She always has something out of this world to say and in spits of incredible odds, doesn't get down. She gets close, when she thinks that a professor who admired her for her brains is really only interested in her looks. However, one of her professors says to her &quot;If you let one stupid (jerk) ruin your life, you're not the girl I thought you were&quot;. That gives Elle the courage to go forward and she discovers that it was the right thing to do.&quot;Legally Blonde&quot; has been released in many cities to make up for movies that were delayed or dropped early. In this dire times, it is the kind of movie that will make you laugh - and that is what we need.
This is one of the most fabulous YA SF/F books I have ever read, and I have read close to a thousand. This incredible story tells of a girl named Kira who is a very talented translator and orphan who must come face-to-face with her own prejudices and put everything she hold dear on the line for the sake of a people she thinks she hates. Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful book.
I admit it. I only finished this stupid novel because it was a gift from someone who knows I love police procedurals and legal thrillers. It seemed disrespectful to the giver and to the author for me to walk to the trash can and fling this book into the rotting leftovers of last night's enchiladas and rice when I was only on the 100th page. I also kept thinking, "This is a long book. It absolutely has got to get better!" Boy was I dumb. It didn't.This is a most definitely NOT a "legal thriller." You will find no plaintiffs or defendents, no prosecuting or defense attorneys, no testimony or cross examinations, witnesses, juries or even any courtroom scenes. And you will definitely find absolutely NO thrills. It's not about the law. It's about five 20-somethings behaving badly. Its premise suggests that Ben, the supposedly brilliant protaganist (a Supreme Court clerk. Legal ... get it?) believes that he can fix an extremely stupid ethical lapse with still more ethical lapses. And his friends all go along with it. If they can just manage all this unethical behavior properly, they'll get away with it which will, of course, make it all OK!The characters are drawn with almost no depth and then they get shallower. I defy anyone to care one whit about whiny, self-centered Ben by page 200. I just wanted to slap him silly, fire his sorry butt, throw the book in with the enchiladas and go watch a rerun of "Law And Order."The editing stopped completely on about the 200th page. The thing just goes on and on and on while these five childish, self-absorbed and morally challenged "adults" have endless repetitive conversations in which they are being oh-so-witty, or they are screaming at one another. You can always tell when they are upset too, because the author gives us LOTS OF CAPITALIZATION TO SHOW THEY ARE ANGRY OR UPSET. Email-speak, no doubt.There are moments when the writing rises above repetitive and uninspired, but not many. Just about the time I thought the story couldn't get any dumber, the author threw in some stupid "plot twist" which, I am sure, was intended to make this a page-turner. All the plot twists did, however, is show complete disrespect for the readers. Consider yourself warned: Really Bad Book
As a matter of fact I am thinking of getting my daughter another one. It is small(ish) but they are real nice.I am listening to my daughter make music as I type! :)
I just finished learning the entire DVD of dances and variations and I must say throughout Shawn is an excellent instructor giving back and side views of the moves and dances so you don't have to reverse what you're doing but can move naturally with him. Also, unlike what the most negative reviewer said - you certainly do get to dance every dance to at least a 2 minute piece of music, not including the "prelude" before (doing it without music) and build up he does throughout the entire teaching linking recently learnt moves to the building dance. There is also a Full Review section for doing all the dances and moves in a more aerobic style session and the practice for the last dance "Slappin' Leather" is included after that session rather than in the end of it's section (unlike the rest). An excellent instructor and awesome country line dancing with easy and some impressive advanced variations and pieces. 5 stars!
Title: Batman: VenomPublisher: DCWriter: Dennis O'NeilArtists: Trevor Von Eeden, Russel BraunInker: Jose Luis Garcia-LopezCollects: Legends of the Dark Knight #16-20Price: $9.95Originally this story came out back in 1992 - back in my college days when I still bought many, many comics on a monthly basis. Although this is an older story, however, it's still a good one - definitely worth the paltry cover price of $10.00. Most of you reading this review are probably familiar with the Batman: Knightfall storyline, in which Batman has his back broken by Bane. Well, this storyline was a prelude (of sorts) to the events that led to that momentous story.In this story, Batman finds a kidnapped girl trapped in a sewer, but can do nothing to prevent her from drowning as he is unable to move the large, heavy rocks blocking the tunnel. Grieving from his failure, Batman is offered a "designer drug" by the dead girl's father - a drug that he claims would have enabled Batman the strength necessary to have saved his daughter. At first, Batman declines the offer. Later, however, tired and beaten, he accepts the drugs to help him overcome his weakness. Thus begins his eventual addiction to the drug.Once again, Batman is portrayed here as a very human hero. He has far more physical limitations than many of his spandex-clad brethren, and faced with the possibility that he just may not be good enough to save children from dying, he does what he can to raise the level of his abilities. Unfortunately, this drug comes at a steep price, as do most any drugs. The side effects of the drug hamper Batman's reasoning skills, his emotional stability, and his aspirations to continually push his mental knowledge of everything he can. Alfred notices the changes right away, and tries to steer his friend back on track, but, as so often occurs with addicts, Bruce fails to see his own problem. Like many real-world addicts, Bruce must sink to an emotional and physical low before he has the strength to divorce himself from the drug's addictive power. It's a great tale in the telling, and one with many real-life parallels.Dennis O'Niel, in the foreword, states that this story was years in the making, and I'm certainly glad he finally had the outlet and the opportunity to share it with us. It's a tale that any Batman fan will love, and a tale that I would recommend to any comic fan in general. I'm glad I finally got around to trying this one out. Maybe now I'll try to find a copy of Knightfall to read through, too.The artwork in this book is typical DC. What is that, you ask? It's good but not great. For decades, DC has taken a backseat to Marvel in terms of landing good artists. I think that DC really closed the gap in these last ten years, but this tale was from back in the day when DC just couldn't keep good artists in their stable for one reason or another. In fact, the artwork in this book - at the time it was originally published in comic form - was some of the best DC has to offer. By today's higher standards and newer technology that is implemented, this book looks dated. That's OK, though, and I'll take that into consideration when I hand out the art score. Don't assume this is bad art, because it's not. It's just not stellar and not up to the higher standards that contemporary comic readers are used to. Besides, the story is good enough that you won't mind if the artwork isn't as good, and the colorist did a pretty nice job, too.Writing: 9/10Artwork: 7/10Cool Factor: 8/10Overall: 8/10
I agree with all the other excellent reviews - I followed their advice and bought this dvd and I love it. I'm an advanced beginner and this dvd has helped me with some of my weaker areas (traveling steps) that I didn't pick up well in either of my two classes. I love the chapter headings which make it easy to navigate between the lessons and Jenna explains the movements very well. I liked this dvd so much I bought another for my sister!
When "Dutch" first came out, I was really tempted to purchase the hardcover edition right away. But seeing that new hardcover releases cost between $25 or more, my head overcame my impulses and I waited for the softcover to come out. Well, it finally did, and I was able to get a hefty discount on the book too. Here are my impressions of "Dutch."Before I purchased the book, I was well aware of all the controversy surrounding it. The author takes creative license and generates a fictional character, (himself) and tells the story of Reagan from a first person view. Basically, the book is written as historical non-fiction narrated by a fictional character who presents the life of Reagan as if he were actually there. The idea of doing a biography in this way is fascinating. But the big questions are 1) Does it work? and 2) Is the book a good read? The answer to both of these questions is a resounding no. The ironic thing about "Dutch" is that the preface to the book is actually more entertaining and interesting than the rest of the book as it explains the controversies, struggles and eventual publication of this eccentric biography. With this aside, the begining chapters, and the rest of the book for that matter, fall way short of being interesting, imformative or entertaining. The fictional "friend" of Reagan discribes how he first met Reagan and narates the interaction between himself and "Dutch", Reagan's early development as a political creature and his rise to the presidency. While the format is intriguing, I have to say that not only is the writing style uninspiring and boring, the author fails in both fronts: it is a poor biography and a poor "novel." The narrative is droning and deadening to the senses and I found my self costantly forcing my mind to pay attention. This is definitely not a "page-turner."I give credit to the author that he undertook this daunting task and was brave enough to create this new style of biography. The new format was not the basis for my not liking the book. The sad fact of the matter is that it is poorly written, full of personal conjecture by the author and a bad read. Of all the biographies that I have read over the years, I would say that this ranks as the lowest. The photo of Reagan on the front cover says it all. Reagan is walking towards a wall and waving ahead to no-one. The image looks good on first impression, but upon closer inspection, the picture is ludicrous and so it is with "Dutch." Even the worst books written about Reagan shine in comparrison to "Dutch". The book is a complete failure. Not worth the money at any price.
This is a book that is not intended to sit down and read from cover to cover. Instead, just open it up, browse to a team, and read what Rob Neyer has written.This is a must book for a baseball fan. If you like to sit with friends and discuss baseball teams and players then this book will give you good info.
I literally grew up with Mutual Of Omaha's WILD KINGDOM! I have fond memories of the show. As a previous reviewer mentioned, sometimes the footage is far from perfect...one has to remember that some of these shows are well over 40 years old! Plus, I seem to remember them as always being a bit rough. Marlin Perkins was a kind, grandfatherly figure as host. I think people often forget that he was a bona-fide Zoologist (PhD).As to some of the information from the shows being dated, that is true. As a previous reviewer mentioned, one has to view them in context.The folks in their 30s,40s, and 50s are probably the best target audience for the shows, although they should appeal to a broader audience. There is a large nostalgia factor here.As to the presentation, well....this IS a BCI release, after all. They are not always bastions of great quality DVD releases. Actually, they didn't do a bad job. I picked this one up at a discout club for $23. Not bad for 7 double sided discs and 50-30 minute episodes.(I also complain that the box is rather a poor touch and there is very little documentation included....not even production dates).
I've had few different wahs over the years, all of them noteworthy, but I found that I hardly ever used them. Not sure why.Since I've had this Bad Horsie 2, I've had it along on every gig, and I use it on several solos each show.It's very convenient, in that you don't need to kick a toe switch on or off. The wah instantly engages when you put your foot on it, and disengages when you withdraw your foot. This saves you the experience of going back to do a vocal, only THINKING you've turned the wah off.Another feature I like is the high-quality input buffer. It normalizes your signal, keeping the guitar at steady volume levels while working the wah. I've noticed with some wahs that not all frequencies kept the same strong signal. This one appears to have solved that problem.There's also the separate contour circuit which is nice to give you a bit more flexibility with your settings.Plus, it's built like a tank.Over all, I'm very happy with this product.
Interestingly, I read this book in one setting, but, upon finishing it thought to myself: 'And what of it?' Never a good sign when reading, or reacting to, a book. I suppose I read it all in one sitting because I'm a devoted New Yorker reader and have lived in New York my entire life, so there was a large part of my ego that was gratified when I read references about which I was intimately familiar (New York City) or read references to the culture of a magazine I read regularly (The New Yorker).But, again, what of it? All his observations are anecdotal but they don't add up to much beyond incidental coherence. For example, Seabrook refers to a 14-year-old kid who just signed a multi-million dollar recording contract with Mercury Records. In his recollection of his encounter with the kid, he makes reference to the kid playing Star Wars on Nintendo. Next chapter, Seabrook is out in California meeting with George Lucas to discuss the myth of Star Wars and understand for himself how Star Wars exemplifies the 'low brow' culture which is the centerpiece of the book.Thus, incidental coherence. There is an incidental relationship between the teenager and George Lucas: namely, Lucas received more money in the year that the kid (or his parents) bought the game than if the kid never had the game. Perhaps I'm being too drastic here, but it seems that the message of the book is that low brow culture has permeated American (if not the world's) culture, and therefore, it is easy to make connections between seemingly unrelated phenomena, or phenomena that are only tangential or loosely related to one another. This is the narrative as told by anecdote: Anecdote A makes reference to issue 1, and issue 1 can be turned into anecdote B because it allows us to make reference to issue 2, et cetera. But, of course, given a large enough and vibrant enough culture (low or high) it is highly probable that seemingly unrelated anecdotes can be said to have common threads.What of all this? Again, the same question.
if you love history as i do, you'll love this book. Parkman is a great writer and this book does not suffer the literary flourishes so common among 19th century writers. Being himself an amazing explorer, he is really able to put meat on the bones of La Salles exploits especially among the indians of America who lived in the late 1600's.
World War I is still wreaking havoc on Britain's solders when young Francesca Hatton must leave her Red Cross work in London to return to her childhood home to tend to her ailing grandfather. With his death, his extensive wealth and properties are now hers, her five beloved male soldier cousins having been killed, one by one, during the war. Both she and her cousins, all orphans, had grown up in the isolated Exe Valley under the loving protection of their grandfather. But now, Francesca slowly and unrelentingly is presented with evidence of secrets kept by her grandfather which begin to reveal a possibly sinister past.Todd is a master of subtle suspense. At times the back story is told through the first person views of the now dead male cousins. But mostly it is Francesca's story as she perseveres in uncovering possible past murders and unpleasant truths. The book provides top notch insights into life at the home front during the war, particularly the struggles of older folks left behind in their isolated valleys while the young leave to serve the war, or come back both physically and psychologically damaged. The depressing events of 1916, from the heavy casualties of the July Somme offensive to the bloody Easter Rebellion in Ireland, weigh on everyone's minds. There is anger. As Francesca says, "None of us will ever see what the dead might have accomplished with their lives. What sons and daughters would have grown up to do. It's the waste, not the dying, that's so horrid."This is a stand alone book.
I was so glad when this show finally came out on DVD on this side of the Atlantic, as I had been waiting years and years and during that time it had only been available in the UK for some weird reason.So, is it a Sci-fi classic like "Star Trek" or "Babylon 5"? Well.....maybe not exactly. But I would say that it definitely does deserve to be ranked right up there alongside other fun, cheesy old faves of mine like "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century".For those who've never seen it, the initial concept is actually quite similar to Buck Rogers. But instead of a heroic astronaut getting frozen, this time it's ditzy blonde stripper Cleopatra (played by the versatile Jennifer Sky of "Xena" fame) who goes in for a breast enhancement but has complications and has to be frozen, only getting thawed out when mutant slavers stumble upon her stasis capsule while poking through ruins hundreds of years later in the 25th century.Fortunately for Cleo, she gets rescued by a couple of roving futuristic warrior-wenches (Gina Torres of "Firefly" fame has never looked more drop-dead gorgeous than as the cool team leader "Hel" (short for Helen). And she is ably assisted by her abs-of-steel, shoot 'em up sidekick "Sarge".) The two take Cleo along with them on their adventures.But unfortunately for Cleo, she must cope with a vastly changed earth. Huge and deadly machines have taken over the surface world, and mankind has fled underground, building a vast network of tunnels. But in these shadowy tunnels also lurk thieves, scoundrels, hideous mutants and even deadly cyborg "betrayers" sent by the machines to infiltrate and wipe the last vestiges of humanity out.Sounds good so far right? -- So what was the problem and why did it get cancelled so soon?Well, I'm not sure if it was the Fox Network or New Zealand-based show producers Studios USA (the same people who brought us "Hercules" and "Xena") who decided in their infinite wisdom that rather than giving it the same hour-long treatment they had given to these other two highly successful shows, instead it would have to be crammed into a brief half hour in order to share an hour of airtime with the putrid stinker of a Bruce Campbell show called "Jack of All Trades" ("Cleo 'n' Jack, back to back" was the promo slogan they used to use). So while I did love everything they managed to squeeze into their brief 30 minutes, I always felt that this show really should have been an hour long in order to allow them to tell the story properly.But I think if the show had been given another year on the air, it could really have caught on. The writers created a whole new universe for the characters that I was totally into. There was a great chemistry between the three stars. The sets and costume design were top-notch and suited perfectly the spirit of the new millennium. It had a spirit of youthful exuberance to it that really reminded me of "Logan's Run" a quarter century earlier (characters over 30 are rarely seen). The action sequences were amazing with the ladies blasting away with their laser gauntlets, and the way they could run up walls and do mid-air backflips was in the best Hong Kong kung-fu flick tradition. And it had a playful sexuality to it (Sarge on their hunky male android assistant: "He's not programmed for sex -- yet!")Yes, it had a lot of things going for it, and I think it was probably my favourite new Sci-fi show of the past few years (along with the new Battlestar Galactica of course).R.I.P. Cleo.The show's entire 30 episodes are contained on three double-sided discs. Also included are stunt footage and bloopers, as well as a sample episode of another cancelled recent Sci-fi show, "Earth 2". It would have been nice to have some commentaries or interviews with the Cleo stars, but I guess I should be glad just to have this available on DVD at all.So if you're into "serious" Sci-fi, you probably won't like this. But if you're in the mood for something light, fun and kinda cheesy (like Buck and Twiki, or Dr. Smith and the Robot) give this one a try and you just might be pleasantly surprised.
The Doctor has a less daunting task than usual in this one. He has merely to save the Earth, rather than the entire universe. A Sontaran warrior has crash landed in the Middle Ages of Earth and is willing to change history to get back to his people and their never ending war with the Rutan. Sarah Jane Smith makes her first appearance and (after some initial misconceptions) ably aids the Doctor.Lots of action and adventure make this a particularly entertaining story.Enjoy!
I urge you to disregard D.R. Hayes' review below. I checked out his profile. He gave Led Zeppelin IV 1 out of 5 stars, citing that Black Dog is annoying and Rock and Roll "falls flat in the second half." Wha??????????????? He then compliments Going to California. Amazing tune, true. Hmmmm. . .This guy is clearly testicularly challenged.Moving right along. Faith No More's album The Real Thing is one of those rare discs that is good all the way through. I guess you could call it metal, especially "Surprise! You're Dead!." It's definitely heavy. But it's relatively accesible.Genre aside, you will really enjoy this if you're open to some fast downstroke chewy guitar from Jim Martin (totally underrated guitarist), hard-hitting drums from Mike Bordin (he developed his own style- copies nobody), freaky interesting bass lines from Billy Gould, and Mike Patton's unique wailing.The truth is that all of the songs are very well-written. Heavy, yes but still very interesting melodies. My measure of that is whether the same melodies coud be performed by say, a folk singer. Funny thought: John Denver sings War Pigs. (True, a Sabbath tune originally but it's still funny.)The clear winner on this album is "The Real Thing." It is powerful, meaningful, and moving. It's a defining moment. All the styles/skills/talents converge at just the right spot and the result is FNM's eight-minute Magnum Opus of heavy rock.If you're a fan of rock and roll at all, and you haven't heard this album all the way through, buy the damn thing. I promise you won't be disappointed.
I was thrilled to come across this newly repackaged DVD version of "Mad Monster Party" - thank you, Anchor Bay!Like other reviewers, MMP was a staple of my early TV viewing years. KTTV in Los Angeles used to show this program every year, around Columbus Day (I think), and it quickly became a holiday tradition. Then, and now, I don't think MMP ever got the respect it richly deserved. It dropped from the airwaves sometime in the late 60's.This newly re-mastered DVD has captured the film in all it's colorful richness. The sound is what you'd expect, (Dolby Digital 2.0 Mono), but on my home theater it still looked and sounded great. And there were a few more surprises.For example, I was surprised to find that the film is 95 minutes long - I guess it's a product of looking back through 30+ years, but I hadn't realized that this was intended to be a full featured theatrical release, competing with Disney's total dominance of the youth and family film market in the early 60's. I'd just assumed that this was a made-for-TV production, ala "Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer."For reasons not fully explained, when the film was released it was restricted to matinee showings and never had the wide audience distribution and success it could have achieved. Consequently, it didn't realize its' full potential and was soon in television distribution.The history of MMP's ups and downs is documented in an accompanying, richly illustrated, 24 page booklet, "Mad Monster Party: The Complete History of the Classic Rankin/Bass Theatrical Release." This is a real gem with interviews, behind the scene photos, and production art. This could easily have been turned into a really slick video extra for the DVD set, but even in this "hard-copy" form it's very entertaining and I thoroughly enjoyed it.Also included are a set of postcard sized "lobby cards" with studies of the main characters: The Monster's Mate, Dracula, Fang, Uncle Boris, Nephew Felix, Yetch, and (of course) the over-the-top-sexy Francesca. (Is it just me, or does Francesca look like she could have been Jessica Rabbit's mother?) Maybe for copyright reasons (I'm just guessing here) Frankenstein's Monster is called "Fang" and King Kong is "It."The animation is very much a child of the 60's from it's James Bond like opening theme to the red-wigged skeleton band. My 10-year-old thought the wigs meant that this was an all-girl group! I tried (unsuccessfully) to explain the significance of the mop-topped groups of the British rock invasion and she looked at me as though I was making it all up. But you and I know the truth and can nod knowingly at the corny musical numbers and strangely stilted dance moves of monsters trying too hard to be "groovy."A truly great blast from the past, this DVD must be in any serious Halloween fan's collection, particularly if you have children or grandchildren who've never seen this holiday treat before - even my jaded Generation Y teens got a kick out of it. I give it five stars and highly recommend it.
Had read the other books years ago. Was nice to be able to source this copy at amazon and read my missing book.
&quot;It was predictable, in hindsight. Jesuit priests were never more than a year or two behind the men who made intial contact with previously unknown peoples. They went ad majorem Dei gloriam: for the greater glory of God. They meant no harm.&quot; That's great stuff. Russell tells the story of how the Jesuits make first contact with an alien world. It's the Jesuits who chase down radio signals to another star and become the first to visit an alien world. It's a very clever premise, and Russell writes well enough to tackle this ambitious concept and succeed. Her primary conceit is that she lets the reader know right away that the mission went horribly wrong. In a series of flashbacks and flashforwards, we see the journey to the alien world of Rakhat unfold even as the mission's lone survivor tries to piece together his shattered body and mind more than 40 years later, back on Earth. The story is more about the personal world and beliefs of that lone survivor, Jesuit priest Emilio Sandoz, than it is about aliens and space travel.Although Russell is not entirely successful in mapping out the soul of Sandoz, her attempt makes for an enjoyable story of alien contact that feels completely believable. It reminds me of Carl Sagan's readable &quot;Contact&quot; in that the book is more about what humans put into the journey and what they take away from the effort, than it is about the aliens they encounter.It's a pleasure to see a writer like Russell or Octavia Butler take seriously the idea that our beliefs and religions will be important to us in the future, and not just relics of the past. One thing's for sure: Russell must've spent a year writing down late-night conversations over wine and cheese, because the dialogue and banter among characters is the highlight of the book.
This is not a film about "gay life" as it has been fashioned in the United States, nor is it about gay "political correctness," nor was it intended as a love letter to the U.S., Russia, etc. If you can deal with those facts it's a damned good film.The film is about the world of men prostituting themselves to women and men. It is not about what American gays have sanitized and romanticized as "hustling." It's a tough film about a tough life, and the cultural background and values are not South Beach and Palm Springs. The film techniques and the milieu that is portrayed have more in common with the post-WW II films of the French and Italians.Yes, there is "eye candy," in "Apo tin Akri tis Polis" but there ain't nuthin sweet about this film, so if you're looking for a soft warm fuzzy flick on selling [sex] with hints of soft core porn here and there go elsewhere. However, if you can stretch beyond the parochial limits of "American" and "gay" you may enjoy this film despite the fact that it's not a walk in the spring rain.
THIS VIDEO IS A FASCINATING LOOK BEHIND-THE-SCENES AND INTO THE MINDS OF JOHN WATERS AND THE ORIGINAL DREAMLANDERS. THE ONLY GRIPE THAT I HAVE IS THE FACT THAT THEY DID NOT MENTION ACTRESS COOKIE MUELLER AT ALL! NOT ONE WORD! AND SHE WAS IN FOUR OF MR. WATERS' FILMS! (THIS OMISSION COST THE VIDEO TO BE RATED 4 STARS, INSTEAD OF MY ORIGINAL FIVE.)THIS VIDEO IS ALSO A MUST-HAVE FOR ANYONE WHO LIKES 'PINK FLAMINGOS', FOR MOST OF THE DREAMLANDERS' WERE INTERVIEWED WHILE THE MAKING OF THE CLASSIC TRASH MOVIE WAS IN PROGRESS. I KIND OF WISH THAT THE PRODUCERS OF THIS VIDEO WOULD HAVE FOCUSED A BIT MORE ON 'FEMALE TROUBLE', ANOTHER J. WATERS/DIVINE CLASSIC, BUT, YOU CAN'T HAVE EVERYTHING.ALL IN ALL, BUY THIS VIDEO. IT WILL MAKE THE PERFECT COMPANION PIECE TO YOUR HIDDEN COLLECTION OF JOHN WATERS' MOVIES!
This sounds like "Lawrence Welk" type music...not traditional country. This album is BORING and puts me to sleep!!! Don't waste your money! Try Reba's album "just a little love" it sounds way better.
I actually bought this book by accident, mistaking it for another with a same title. I don't regret buying it, as it was an enjoyable read. The story was fast paced, and kept me reading through all the way. The author is also very talented at actually creating the general atmosphere surrounding the whole story. You can feel the loneliness that Alex has had to live through, the desperation she felt after her protector/ friend is murdered. But to me, the best thing is that there is an actual sense of danger present: not just the 'I don't feel safe, so hold me' kind of fluff.The thing that made me give this book 4 stars instead of 5 is the general lack of affection and passion between Hank and Alex. You can see it through the dialogue and what passes between them through the book, but it's pretty bland otherwise. No hot blooded romance here, just carefully phrased words, thoughts and actions that show they are attracted and care deeply about each other. In a way, it's a very sweet romance.This book is good, enjoyable and easy to read but it's not great or a favourite for keeps or anything. Hope this helps some.
...The third unheard. That last state in the tri-state that the nation does not know about. If you just looked at TV you think NY,NJ and Philly. CT for some reason was not always put on. Until I dicovered this tonight, I did not even know that this exsited. I recall Afrika Bambatta recounting the early days of hip-hop "spreading throughout the tir-state area," but I had not heard of or knew of any CT rappers from the early days, just the late 80,'s. I give it five stars just for them putting it out...
I just got back from the store with it and it is 12:39 on the day of release. I heard the album before when it was streamed on the internet, but that was crackly and of low quality. I also caught most of the songs live, but I must say that this is a quality listening experience. From the first moment of &quot;I am trying to break your heart&quot;, when Jeff Tweedy sings &quot;I'm an american aquarium drinker...&quot;, you realize you are about to &quot;experience&quot; an album as opposed to listening to a catchy song. If you are prepared for a challenging, yet completely rewarding experience, check this album out. Chances are, it may be the most important and well-received album of the year. Reprise Records' loss is definitely our gain. This much delayed album is worth the wait and the time it takes to fully appreciate it. I fully suggest that anyone who appreciates intelligent, intense, emotional, yet challenging music treat themselves to this record. Then, at the end of the year, when all of the critics and music lists are talking about it, you will be in the know.My gift to you.
In terms of set and detail it is impeccable. In terms of acting, direction, editing it is a masterpiece conveying volumes in a single word, whole scenes in a glance. A treasure to watch, it is only sad that the seasons are so short.
Overrated is the word that comes to mind when I think of this. Can any collection of songs sound anymore similar than these? All I can say is, you hear one you hear them all.
There is nothing to this book. A sentence or two on each page. More like a booklet than a book.
and I'll tell you why. I never do this, but I'm going to go song by song for your benefit if you're new to Tori. Mind you, all representations of Tori's lyrics are different. It's like reading the bible.1) Beauty Queen/Horses: To me it represents freedom. In &quot;Horses&quot; she sings of riding on horses because &quot;your demons can't go there&quot;2) Blood Roses: About a bad relationship involving a future marriage &quot;You gave him your blood and your warm little diamond.He likes killing you after you're dead.&quot;3) Father Lucifer: About a guy who's in love with a girl he can't touch, can't even get close to.4) Professional Widow: About the lover in a relationship that thinks he's perfect. Although we all know that's never possible.5) Mr. Zebra: Very short song. About conversing with your crazy friends. Only thing I can think of. To me, this song really doesn't make sense, but it's very catchy.6) Marianne: Story about a girl who either fell or jumped into an extrememly deep ravine when Amos was living in Maryland. According to a few interviews I've read, Tori said Marianne was one of the sweetest girls. Always doing something for someone and it left quite a big mark on her.7) Caught A Lite Sneeze: Searching for a lost love. One of the only songs I heard on the radio in my area from this album. To go along with the Trent-Tori conspiracy, one of the lyrics is &quot;Made my own pretty hate machine.&quot; One of my fave songs.8) Muhammad, My Friend: She feels like she's getting crucified.9) hey Jupiter: Very lonely song, very melancholy. About being completely alone in the world. She sings of a masochist and I take it to be almost symbollic of how she views the guy she broke up with (Eric Rosse, producer). A loving, but seemingly emotional painful relationship.10) Way Down: Another short song. About going down (of course) all alone just because she's in a band.11) Little Amsterdam: Someone accusing her of murder, but her mother ended up dying for it.12) Talula: About her lover going away after a new girl. Basically saying he'll get tired of the new girl and move on like he did with her. &quot;She's brand new now to you&quot;13) Not the Red Baron: About going down in flames. World crashing around you. &quot;Think I've got the message figured./Another pilot down./And are there devils with halos in beautiful capes,/Taking them into the flames, taking them into the flames?&quot;14) Agent Orange: All the girls love the guy only he's poison. They just don't know it until it's too late.15) Doughnut Song: About deciphering the message again. Only this time she's explaining that he might think he can keep going from girl to girl, breaking their hearts, but his good looks aren't to last forever.16) In The Springtime Of His Voodoo: Talks about getting an STD from her lover then getting dumped soon after. In a way, this song is absolutely hilarious if you really pay attention to it.17) Putting the Damage On: A very real song to me. When I listen to this in the right mood, I start getting teary eyed. It's a vivid picture of how Tori's lover (Eric) left her for a better looking woman. Tori still sees him in little things after he's gone. I still believe Tori is one of the most beautiful girls in the world.18) Twinkle: Knowing that at any precise moment, you, your ex, and your ex's girl could all be staring up at the same star. Then again, this can also be interpreted as letting go and moving on. A quiet song. Very hushed lyrics. A good ending for such a moving album.
This is such a beautifully made documentary about humans' interaction with Yosemite. Dr. Carl Sharsmith's last scene is so very moving (he was my botany instructor at San Jose State University). Unfortunately, the VHS quality is poor because it is duped at extended-play speed. This documentary deserves DVD treatment. Robert Redford, are you listening? DVD!
Sparks, Jet, Radio Stars, Blue Meenies, John's Children...Martin Gordon is a veteran of some of the best UK pop music has offered over the years. Gordon does NOT rest of his heels on this his first solo release. Martin is one of the most intelligent, articulate, and witty writers, producers, and arrangers on the planet today. You will not find &quot;nostalgic cabaret&quot; on this release. This CD covers all the bases and will leave you wishing Martin would release more.
There's opinion that Stravinsky was the most overrated composer of the 20th Century; this is no doubt controversial. What this book proves beyond controversy is that he was absolutely inept as a writer/thinker/communicator: these six lectures have no focus and no observable objective(s), no identifiable theme, no cogency: this is simply an ocean of completely disjointed and illogical, really incoherent verbiage whose surface is now and then breached by a random outcropping of observation and personal opinion, intelligible but unargued and not particularly interesting, fragmented and unconnected with anything else before or after. Horribly hard reading if you really try to make sense of it (you'll fail, but you'll probably try first). Absolute waste of time, gibberish; avoid, escape, save your brain. Inviting Strav. to give these lectures was probably a tactful way of tossing some dough his way -- and there's nothing wrong with that per se, except he would have done everyone a great favour if he had simply taken the money and skipped the town. Btw, a comical detail: Strav did not speak English, so he delivered these rants in a broken French. Imagine this. Maybe it was good 'cause the audience -- who I don't think was Francophone to any noticeable degree and thus probably understood nothing -- took it for granted that the Maestro was saying something intelligent...Finally, by way of comparison -- in '49-'50 (if memory serves), another European escapee, composer Paul Hindemith, was invited to give the same lectures, an intelligent, quiet, erudite book, _The Composer's World_, being the result of this endeavour. So it _was_ possible to take the task seriously rather than as a pretext for a sympathetic payout requiring but a perfunctory let's-get-it-over-with response. Imo, Hindemith's book is a must -- in the same degree as Strav's _Poetics_ is a must-not.Added later: just read Copland's _Music and Imagination_ -- which, too, started as a Charles Eliot Norton Lecture presentation, as it turns out. A great book, highly recommended. So here's one more proof of that it was possible to offer something meaningful, and that it was by no means an accepted procedure to gibber from that podium.
I saw the film when it was first released to VHS and welcomed it to my collection of rock related films. I've been waiting for the DVD since, and I found it yesterday. The extra features on the DVD, version including interviews makes it even better. I consider it a masterpiece of rock documentary. I highly recommend it to those not easily offended by honest sexual content... I was glad to hear in the included interview material that Cynthia Lennon was so pleased with the film that she brought Julian to see it so as to better understand his father. Excellent story development, casting, and attention to detail. As to long tall Sally, sorry Sir Paul.. we know you still rock.
OK it is a little pricey but for a unit with both an AC and a DC charger and 4 2500mah batteries included it isn't too expensive. However there are two things that caught me by surprise.1) It will charge up to 4 AA NiMh batteries BUT ONLY 2 AAA NiMh batteries. The design doesn't have a way to insert 4 AAAs.2) The photo at the top of the Amazon page make it look like there is an LED charge indicator for each battery; not so. There are four holes to see if there is a battery inserted, but just one charge lamp. No big deal. Just a bit misleading.Otherwise this product does what I wanted.
This book is a fascinating look at the unwillingness of the US to act in the face of genocide in other countries. It shares the horrors of Turkey, Germany, Iraq, Cambodia, Bosnia, Rwanda, and other such situations of "ethnic cleansing" and genocide, and the US's steadfast avoidance of acting when it easily could. It provides a very worthy background for thinking about the obligations (or not) of a so-called moral super power. It also provided an eye opening look at several administrations, casting none of them in a good light. I hope our next president will do a better job (and it seems to me only one of the 3 candidates really could break the mold and bring in a fresh approach)
Has stayed sticking to my window for about 2 months. STill havent seen any birds near it, but it must be the food or something.
After reading some of the other reviews on this product, I almost didn't order it as I'm pretty picky and was concerned about the comments on the quality of the glass. Had I not read the reviews, I would not have even noticed the slight imperfections in the glass, but yes, when I look, I can see some waviness and a small line on the top nob where the mold pressed into the glass. This set is made in Italy, not in China, and I imagine craftsmen and women creating this set by hand and thus the slight imperfections. But I think it's a nice set and despite Amazon's very liberal return policy, I will keep it.One star off for the fact that the glass isn't perfect, but again it's a nice set at a great price.
Paris. The presidential election of a far-right politician leads to large scale riots. Amidst demonstrations and exploding molotov cocktails five young robbers flee after a heist. There is three months pregnant Yasmine, her brother Tom, who has been shot, Farid, Sami and Alex. They decide to split, and while dying Tom is brought to hospital, two guys are sent in advance to find a quiet hotel near the border. To make a long story short and in order to avoid giving too much away, let's suffice to say that all four end up in a miserable hotel in a remote area (and later in an abandoned mine) in the hands of cannibalistic nazis.And blood will flow in rivers...I am a big fan of FRONTIER(S). I have already watched it numerous times and of course there will be repeat viewings in weeks, months and years to come!The movie is incredibly intense, with lots of atmosphere (like the creepy dinner scene, where the nazis toast to "pure blood"). It makes excellent use of the run down locations and the nazi theme. Admittedly FRONTIER(S) is not the first backwoods splatter movie, but it is the combination of various plot elements that make the story so original (the political subtext, pregnant heroine, gore galore, nazis). The film manages to be absolutely convincing and believeable due to Xavier Gens' assured direction. It never ever is campy or trashy. The excessive bloodletting will appeal to all splatter fans, trust me on that!And of course more intellectually minded viewers will have a heyday discussing the political subtext afterwards.Actors deliver powerhouse performances and most have outstanding screen presence (especially Samuel Le Bihan as Goetz). I was particularly impressed with the gorgeous looking Estelle Lef&eacute;bure as blonde nazi bitch Gilberte (given her looks I would not mind running the risk of landing on the dinner table) and Jean Pierre Jorris as head nazi Von Geisler. I also give kudos to Karina Testa as Yasmine in what must have been an exceptionally challenging role, both physically as well as emotionally. (Wait until you see her character's escape from the pigsty!)It has been said that the gunplay in FRONTIER(S) is unfitting for a horror movie. Quite aside that firstly this is not the first horror film with gunplay (e.g. THE DEVIL'S REJECTS features lots of it) and secondly many other ways of inflicting mayhem and violent death (from steam chamber to axe and also including a hearty bite in the neck usually seen in zombie movies to mention just a few!) are graphically shown, I think that the shootouts are not only excellently choreographed and filmed, but also quite appropriate for the characters and the nazi theme. Von Geisler has a Luger handgun, Gilberte sprays bullets with a Schmeisser submachine gun, Junior nazi boss Karl shoots a German carabine and big Goetz even a light machine gun!FRONTIER(S) is in my view however not without faults. I have two complaints: The nazi father's few sentences in German (mostly well-known Third Reich slogans like "Arbeit macht frei") are oddly accented and once or twice there are mispronounciations. Of course, this will likely go unnoticed by international audiences, but as a native speaker of German I could not help notice it (okay, okay, I admit I am really nitpicking here). More grave is the occasional ultra-fast paced editing. I am no fan of MTV-style editing. However it would be very unfair to emphasize these rather minor shortcomings, as these do in no waydiminish the impact of this exceptional horror fest.Unfortunately there are no extra features on the DVD to speak of, just a couple of admittedly very well made and interesting trailers - THE MIDNIGHT MEAT TRAIN, the new RAMBO movie, the excellent THE BACKWOODS and rather fittingly, HIGH TENSION, the gory slasher film which started the new French horror wave a couple of years ago (by the way, check out the last two movies, I have seen both of them and can assure you that you won't be disappointed with them).FRONTIER(S) comes with this reviewer's highest possible recommendations. Every self-respecting gorehound and splatter fan needs this DVD in his collection. Do yourself a favour and buy it. NOW !
Excellent movie with a very dark, unique twist on Santa Claus.The movie is done so well that you forget that most of it is in subtitles. It is that good.Not for kids, as pretty grisly, but the best Christmas movie I have seen since Bad Santa.
To quote Hilary, "I Can't Wait" for this DVD, the extra features will make it really worth it! I wonder if they will use the same pic as the poster, or the sweet smiling Lizzie pic from the limited edition CD soundtrack. I hope it's the latter.Here's my review of the movie:Ok, I am not a Disney Channel fan, other than the occasional Mickey Mouse reruns, I never even tune in to that channel. I'm a Mickey fan. However I am aware of "Lizzie" through posters and other propagandas that they sell in stores over here. They also have a lot of teenybopper mags with Hilary on the cover (ok, I don't read the mags, but I notice them in stores!) Anyway, I haven't even seen an episode of the show when I saw a trailer of this movie, and I thought that the storyline is strange, because I thought Lizzie was just a little kid, and now she's hanging out with a stranger and singing on stage. I thought nothing of the preview, except for the fact that I noticed that Lizzie's not that little girl in the posters and ads anymore, she's growing into a lovely young lady with a precious, dazzling killer smile.I saw a couple episodes of the show before the movie premiered, and I thought the show was okay...and I can't believe I actually chose to watch this movie first before XMEN 2. There must've been like 10 people in the theatre, since this is the first show and school isn't out yet for the little kids.I liked the first few scenes where the family is involved, because it is similar to the show. The brother is funny and I think the kid is a real talent. Once they got to Rome, it felt different, it felt kind of strange or something. And of course, Miranda is missing. It got nastier when the Paolo guy stepped into the picture, that guy can't do accents and I dunno if he can really act or not. I also didn't like the fact that everyday girl Lizzie became a famous performer in like, 4 days or so. I mean come on, I know it's Disney and stuff, but still.The movie drags in the later stages when they hang out and rehearse and try different outfits. That never really did anything to the plot, so I decided to just forget the plot and focus on Lizzie/Hilary instead. The lady can act, and she's so cute and adorable.In the end they showed this performance in the music awards, and although the song was kinda corny, I didn't mind Hilary's singing though, I think she's great. The ending was ok, the kiss could've been longer, but this is Disney. I just didn't like the flow of this movie. Kids and Lizzie fans will definitely like it. I'd rather watch an ep than the movie though. My favorite scene has got to be the first one where Lizzie sings "The Tide Is High" and she looks cute in it.Hilary can smile for me anytime, and that is the film's saving grace. What a sweetie!
This book probably will not appeal to the ardently politically correct. They would recoil at the concept of not only a novel with Adolf Hitler as the central character, but also the fact that this book is very funny indeed.I laughed out loud a number of times reading this novel. Bainbridge's humour is devastatingly ironic. The novel follows a twenty three year old Adolf Hitler as he blunders his way through a stay in Liverpool in 1912 with his brother Alois and his Irish wife Bridget. Because of the humour, the reader can at times find themselves with a degree of sympathy for the rather hapless and paranoid Adolf. Whenever that happens, however, Bainbridge hits you again with a subtle turn of irony that lets you feel justifiable contempt for him. In short, this Hitler is a loser -- a future powerful figure cut down to size. Without wanting to give anything away, Bainbridge also explains why Hitler had that odd moustache -- &quot;He [Adolf] resolved to grow a moustache. Never again would he be mistaken for a woman.&quot; Very funny, believe me!This is a wonderful read that will certainly be appreciated by those with an interest in history and a sense of humour about it all.
Mistaken Identity was just stupid! I'm glad it was .99 cent, but trust me, find another book to spend your money on. The story was so far fetched and trite that I don't know where to begin.Overall rating: 1.5
This puzzle is worth the price. I got this for my son's 4th birthday since the 12 piece puzzles became too easy for him.This is harder, but still easy. Takes him a little more time, but I still think it's very educational and useful to get him thinking and solving problems. Definitely worth it.
This is the second in a series of seven books about Sister Frevisse, a feisty 15th century nun who inhabits the convent of St. Frideswide. Like Brother Cadfael in Ellis Peters' novels, Sister Frevisse not only solves crimes of the body but those of the troubled heart as well. In this story, period details bring the multifaceted world of the 15th century convent to life when the sisters are presented with a troupe of actors who arrive with the wounded husband of the convent's maid. Other Sister Frevisse novels bring the nun into the larger world of the politically connected well-to-do.
It's basically remakes of some of Telex's classic tracks in a techno style.... Far behind the original sound, I wasn't able to recognize most of the tracks without looking at the sleeve to check the titles. !
In our society we want things the easy way. We want to blend in with the rest of society, and our friends. My friends all have diabetes, and I want diabetes too. My friends have heart disease, and I want that too. this is the unspoken mentality in America. SHEEPLE. We follow the leader, or the perceived leader.This book is basically about the why of illness, not just amoung Christians, but amoung Americans at large. WE IN THIS NATION, WHEN IT COMES TO A MEAL, ARE MEAT OBCESSED. Many of us will not eat vegetables, or fruit. No nuts seeds, or herbs. But as a Christian, take a look at Genesis 1:29. This was in fact our Creator telling us how, and what we should eat, what our fuel should be. Yet we have taken this statement and put it aside for our own pleasures. Therefore we are ill.Now I am not naive enough to think this is where all our illnesses originate, only that a greater part of our illnesses arise from what we put into our mouths, or due to what we refuse to put into our mouths. Water for example, too many of us refuse to drink water, or adequate amounts of water.What we do is we crowd our digestive system with the flesh of animals which in turn gives us many physical disorders. Thus the theme of this book. Yes there indeed are other reasons why we are ill, toxins, for example. Enviromental, and manmade. Aluminum, mercury, teflon, etc. Then of those of us who do eat flesh, we eat the wrong types of flesh. Swine comes to mind. That is if you are a Christian. Leviticus 11:1-47, again the Creator telling us how to take care of our bodies, though this came about after the great flood, when there was little else to eat aside from animals.We may not like the ideas in this book about the diet health problems, but as sure as we do become ill, understand that diseases do not just come from nowhere, we help to create these illnesses by the way we care for our bodies, what we eat, drink, if or not we exercise, how we rest, and whether or not we expose ourselve to the sun when ever possible. This book is aimed at our diets, and what we can do to maintain our health, or prevent illness in the first place. Good reading.
Those who think the storyline and characterization are "shallow" are missing the point. The classics of SF were about IDEAS as much as they were about people, and this is what "Tuf Voyaging" offers.Yes, Tuf is an odd and unsympathetic character. He's solitary and finds human contact distasteful; he admits to several flaws and possesses even more; and his seeming arrogance is, at times, distinctly unappealing.But more importantly (as the other main character, Tolly Mune, notes), Tuf is ETHICAL. His code of conduct will not allow him to let injustice or brutality stand unchallenged. And, where a simpler man might respond to dogfighting arenas or similar cruelty with ineffectual outrage, Tuf takes it a step further. He turns their own behavior--their own shortsightedness, selfishness, or greed--against them. He teaches them a better way, even as he systematically disrupts and dismantles their socities to replace them with better, more ethical ones.The world that demands monster-killers after heedlessly slaughtering some native sea life is forced to the bargaining table by the world's TRUE natives. The culture where status is based on arena dogfighting is overrun with a new ecology where large predators can no longer exist--and neither can the arenas. The reckless breed-at-any-price world constantly teetering on the brink of starvation or war is offered salvation in the form of miracle crops that also cause sterility. And so on.Tuf is cold, yes, but his relentless pursuit of ethical solutions forces the cruel and cowardly societies to change, unwillingly, into better ones. The concerns about "absolute power" are inevitable, and are not answered in a reassuring way... but the simple truth remains. The intelligent man of ethics has a responsibility to force change on the brutal and stupid (if they won't accept it any other way), for the benefit of all.It's not a democratic conclusion--but in times of ecological and ethical crisis, it's the only option. "Tuf Voyaging" offers thought-provoking case studies for the philosopher, and thoroughly satisfying (vicarious) vengeance for the animal-lover.
... Tweedy & Co. out did even the Beatles at their best on this disc!
Miller and Le Breton-Miller present a well-researched and well-written study focused on 4 themes in family-run firms: command, continuity, community, and connection. These themes translate into management principles that can and should be used by public companies and other organizations as well. Their (sometimes counter-intuitive) findings show companies such as Cargill, L.L. Bean, The New York Times, IKEA and others manage to survive and thrive. An insightful and interesting book.
After reading &quot;Here and Now&quot;, I wasnt too sure how I would like Casting the First Stone, because &quot;Here&quot; had alittle too much drama for me. But this book was really good. The characters were realistic, (except maybe James!) and the story moved along at a comfortable speed. I guess I'll check out &quot;Thin Line&quot; and see how it is. Overall, good job Ms. Roby!
Bueno, bueno, bueno.La se&ntilde;ora Feehan pinch&oacute; irremediablemente con su &uacute;ltimo libro carpathiano : Dark Demon, tal vez por eso ha hecho este curioso libro.Por qu&eacute; curioso ?En &eacute;l aparecen TODOS los carpathianos existentes, ya sea de manera presencial o mencion&aacute;ndolos.Es un libro curioso tanto en la elaboraci&oacute;n como en el contenido. Ya no les ves como unos cazadores de vampiros, les ves como padres, hermanos, hijos, cu&ntilde;ados, suegros ... les ves interactuando entre ellos y eso es algo que se agradece. Por f&iacute;n te puees imaginar a un Aidan Savage en la cocina de su casa intentando cocinar. O a un Falcon poniendo orden en su casa con los 8 hijos adoptivos. O incluso te puedes imaginar a Mikhail Dubrinsky haciendo de anfitri&oacute;n y recibiendo a todos los hu&eacute;spedes.La raz&oacute;n por la que se re&uacute;nen todos en los Carpatos es la Navidad. Quieren celebrar que estan vivos y que nacen ni&ntilde;as, por eso mismo Raven se empe&ntilde;a en unirles a todos. Es muy curioso verles entre ellos, con su posesividad, con sus celos ... es muy curioso. Adem&aacute;s, la se&ntilde;ora Feehan nos sorprende con varios momentos divertidos que no tienen desperdicio. Realmente sorprendente cuando el objeto de todas esas risas no es otro que el chico malo de los C&aacute;rpatos : Gregori.Muy bien llevado y bien descrito. En el libro nos muestra muchas posibles salidas a las inc&oacute;gnitas que nos ha estado creando en sus libros anteriores. Hay m&aacute;s lifemates para otros personajes que hab&iacute;an aparecido en otros libros. Hay una situaci&oacute;n un poco ca&oacute;tica que, en unos cuantos meses dar&aacute; lugar a una situaci&oacute;n descabellada y que espero leer con verdadera ansia.Los di&aacute;logos son intensos, las situaciones muy bien llevadas y, en definitiva todo un acierto. Con este libro la se&ntilde;ora Feehan ha vuelto a ganar puntos por que es un libro excelente.Carpathianos 100%. Aut&eacute;nticos, encantadores y incre&iacute;bles.tita yolanda
This is Kirk Brandon back to his cheeky best. I bought this album by mistake, when trying to purchase a book about voyeurism of medieval poets (hence only the four stars). Even so, I have been quite chuffed with this happy little accident.On track 8, Spear of Destiny have a song that has never sounded so relevant as it does now (Babylon talking). As many will know, Babylon is the old name for Baghdad, and that has certainly been talking recently. Similarly, track number 11 is Captain America. And we all know who's boss now. Track 12 is "chemical head" (warhead, more like) and 14 is Burn Out, evoking pictures of oil fields burning. Really, this is the Nostradamus of all albums, spookily predicting the current Gulf War at the same time as using a clever acronym in its title. What more can you ask for? (A good voice and nice tunes would have been nice, but perhaps it's churlish of me to point out the chinks in a prophet's armour.)
I purchased this primarily for the new versions of Word and Excel.Microsoft did an excellent job in transforming the Office interface into something truly attractive and intuitive.Things I like:The tabbed menus on the Ribbon make navigating a snap. Some of the more obscure menus and commands are context-smart, staying out of sight until they are needed. So you can do anything you want pretty quick, but the interface stays clean, clear and uncluttered. Nice.In many cases, you can hover your mouse over a formatting option and see the effect it would have on your content before you commit.When you install the applications you can add a Get Started tab that hooks you up to lots of helpful information on the Microsoft website.From what I've read, aside from the aesthetic changes, there have also been major improvements "under the hood", but honestly, these programs have always done far more than anything the typical user will probably ever need.The 2007 edition now makes the work a pleasure.
I have to agree with Mr. Blankenship listed below in saying that I also feel Timothy Dalton portrayed the &quot;best&quot; Bond; at least to say that his character was easily the most human, and the most like the character which was created by Ian Fleming in his novels. However, I can see no reason to give such a great movie any less than 5 stars. Sean Connery also delivered memorable performances as Mr. Bond, but the movies were, and continue to be, ruined by the use of ludicrous action sequences- which while exciting- rob the movie of any seriousness. What's the use of saving the world, if you do it in an entirely unbelievable way? It's Cartoonish. I would rather see Bugs Bunny save the world from the Bond villians than see most of these over- the- top movies again. &quot;License to Kill&quot; was terrific because the movie focused on the humanity of Bond and his quest to destroy the man who unjustly ruined his friends lives... not to say the movie was entirely lacking absurd action sequences, just to say that the movie relied on them much less than other recent productions...
Very comfortable but even with the volume turned up s high s it will go, I can't hear very well out of the earpiece. Waste of money. I threw it to the back of my closeet and looking for something better.
I quite liked it, actually. I've seen most of the film adaptations which are available and this was one of the best, IMO. Holmes fans will want to own the DVD for sure.
I tried this as directed and it had no effect on me whatever.
You have to hold this book sideways to read it so there you already look a bit Mad to begin with.In the 1950s America was a very conservative place so when Mad hit the newsstands of anytown USA it was like the cultural equivelant of an A-bomb going off. Mad parodied anything that moved and was freshest and most vital in the beginning of its run.The parodies remain a fresh today as they did then with hundreds of small sight gags that will take more than one rereading to find.
Delicious. Add to water before simmering ravioli, cooking rice or beans, add some powder with some cornstarch in it to thicken up the water released by stirfry veggies. Simmer some onion slices in it and drink the liquid when you have a head cold.
Nicely executed little piece of costume jewelry made of actual finished semiprecious stones. Buy one for your favorite princess.
Four stars because of shape... difficult to cover. But this plate got here quickly (thanks, as always, to Amazon!!!), held our eggs for our party, and cleans up easily. Can't ask for better than that!.
Faux leather won't take a shine, but they are comfortable just for factory work or times you want to dress down.
Daryl Davis is a treasure. I love to listen and to dance to his music, which I frequently have an opportunity to do. He is one "cool cat" and this CD is terrific.
Amazingly inexpensive and very very cute, pretty pink and black, and was perfect this past Halloween for a quick and cute costume
I decided to buy this after watching some tour pros use it on the practice range. I've had it a few weeks and it truly does work. I was closed at the top and snap hooked the ball. Now I have a nice fade going and no more hooks.Remember the golf swing is a SYSTEM. It will do you no good to fix one or two movements if five other movements are incorrect or out of sync. There is no miracle cure, no lighting in a bottle. It takes work!If you've got several problems going on with your swing, (most average golfers have more than just one), this won't magically fix you up. It does act as a reference for where and how cocked your wrists should be, along with what a square club face feels like at the top. I found it helped to choke up on the club about a half-inch to initiate the contact to my forearm sooner.It seems ridiculously expensive for what it is, but you can't argue with results. Used with professional guidance and a video camera, it's a very useful swing aid that I'd recommend to any golf lover striving to improve his GIR.
Update: I returned the first unit to Amazon when it wouldn't retain a charge after recharging (great replacement policy, Amazon!). The replacement worked for a few weeks before it exhibited the same problem, and now Amazon will no longer replace malfunctioning units:"As it seems that the problem with this item is more widespread than we originally thought, we are not able to send another replacement."The reviewer who lamented the lack of a replaceable battery was right on the mark.Original Review: Works as advertised. Good FM reception, good sound (with your choice of equalizers), syncs easily with Windows Media Player, compact. No complaints. Good value.
If you watched a lot of old &quot;twilight zone&quot;'s or read a lot of ghost stories you'll probably see this coming... but it's still very enjoyable. Bacon has a lot of good lines &amp; if you liked him in &quot;Flatliners&quot; you'll probably like him in this. The film has a lot more &quot;jump&quot; scenes than &quot;The sixth sense&quot; &amp; is a bit darker. All in all a fairly good ghost story. There are a couple of things I's like to have seen developed more (like the meeting of the receivers) but sometimes less is more. The DVD 5.1 digital sound was very good on my system &amp; helped to build tension. The transfer seemed fine as well.
I expected just a little more out of this. It was funny and has some tight scenes but some of it was just plain stupid. Blaze and ICP make appearnaces on the show. Other than the beginnings of the episodes, most of it is backstage footage that's hella tight. Like they go behind the scenes with ICP for the shooting of the video Homies. This DVD has 4 episodes and each one is great. They said the word Muthafaku too much and it got really repetetive but i think it was definitely a juggalo classic.
We definitely need more soulful artists like Van Hunt recognized and listened to more. It's music that's deep and fun at the same time.Most people are living their lives without any substance. This kind of music helps bring substance back into our lives without sacrificing any of your enjoyment.As much as I enjoy this cd, I don't think it's as good as Van Hunt's self-titled first album. That probably has to do with the fact that he aligned himself with American Idol Randy Jackson to help produce this album.
Who the hell would give this album less than 5 stars. Hey, just because you aren't as talented as these girls doesn't mean that you shouldn't give credit where it is due. Their vocals and harmony blends perfectly. The vocals are very good...these girls are some of the best in country/pop. I enjoyed the album very bunch. It's a lot better than a lot of other country music out there these days. Most country music now is just a bunch of damn junk...this album is good and should deserve 10 stars! I'm a redneck woman and a hard-core country music fan, and these girls do a very nice job singing and harmonizing on this album.
It is okay but not impressive. The clear plastic that covers the screen of my Magellan is kinda cheap, but it does fit fine, meaning that the hole in the plastic for the joystick is in the right place and allows for fine movement. The case is not water proof by any stretch. I do like the options on the back of the case for belt loop or clipping it to something else (maybe a backpack?) or however you may want to carry it.
I previously owned several Brother MFCs, and each one has improved upon the others. My MFC-9700 has worked beautifully but I purchased this one because I have been doing an increasing amount of duplex printing & scanning, and it does the job just as I had hoped. The other thing I wanted was legal sized scanning. This will allow me to replace the MFC-9700 and a Xerox 105DF with one better unit.I did have a problem with the refurbished drum unit on the first one I got (small nick on the drum causing a blob every 3.7" - manual diagnosed quickly) but was pleased with how quickly Amazon sent me a replacement unit, which I used to swap the drum, and Amazon provided a free UPS pickup - all at no cost to me.Here's some points answering previous posts & questions:Drum & Toner - These are refurbished and there's a sticker on them saying you get at least 90% of the stated rating. My first unit came with a standard 550 toner, but my replacement actually had a refurb 580 high-yield toner - Bonus!Warranty - Brother does warrantee the printer, but they don't warrantee the Drum & Toner. That's why I had to have Amazon send out a whole other unit.Crinkled Envelopes - Yes, by default it will crinkle your envelopes. The manual quickly shows you the solution - raise two blue levers on the back of the unit. That fixes it quick. The manual says to restore them to do normal printing, but I haven't seen a problem with them in the modified position for regular paper or envelopes.Scan Speed - The scan speed is never the same as the print speed. This unit does scan much faster than my previous MFCs and you'd pay as much for a scanner of this speed alone. Single sided scanning is 16ppm, double sided is much more complex so it does about 4ppm (200dpi B&W; - much slower for higher res & color).Duplexing - Fantastic! No more shuffling papers back into the paper tray and figuring out which way to turn them. Printer dialog & scanning dialog has a duplex option.Software - Paperport 9 Deluxe is the way to go. When I tried paperport 11 a year or so ago it was a disaster - very buggy. Search on the internet and you'll see many similar reports. Possibly it's better now. I had full Paperport Deluxe 9 on my system and made the mistake of using the default MFL-Pro Suite installation which blew away PP 9 Dlx and installed Paperport 9 SE. I couldn't even install PP 9 Dlx afterwards because the SE version is newer?? Luckily I use Norton Ghost so after a full restore I chose the "suite w/o Paperport" option and it worked beautifully.Scanner Driver - Scanning from Paperport brings up a "TW-Brother Scanner Setup" dialog which stays around after the scan and you have to close manually. That dialog lets you choose photo/web/text, res, b&w;/color, Brightness, Doc size, Duplex, and gives a PreScan to select cropping. It's improved over my last MFC 9700 driver. The only problem is that Paperport also has some of the same options so it's a bit confusing. I wish the Scanner Setup dlg went away after the scan. Better still I wish it let you configure the scanner setup once and then it should just scan it without going there at all. The hardware button (see below) does avoid the scanner setup dialog but doesn't scan correctly.Scanning hardware buttons - The 8860dn has hardware buttons for scanning, then you choose from a menu on the unit for file/OCR/email/image. Unfortunately it's very complex after that because then it fires up a Brother "ControlCenter2" which you have to configure, and it's not intuitive. Worst of all, the scans don't conform to the settings so I could never get it to scan in 200dpi B&W; PDF correctly. I think it was storing it in color or something because the files were 10x larger than what it should have been. You can tell it to show the scanner setup which does scan correctly, but then you might as well not use the hardware button. Unfortunately that feature seems to be useless unless there's a newer version of the driver. However, I usually scan from Paperport anyways so it doesn't impact me.Legal sized paper - My MFC-9700 didn't have legal sized glass so I'd have to use an old Xerox 105df to reduce it before scanning. (There was a driver option to do it from the ADF but you had to reboot the PC??!!) Now, you just choose legal sized paper in the scanner setup dialog and you're in business. Just be sure to remember to reset it for the next scan.Connections - I used the USB connection to my main computer to make the scanning, but I've hooked up two other computers by using Windows printer sharing, and direct ethernet. All worked great and all printer driver features carried over.
Killing Detente: The Right Attacks the CIA; Review; book reviewsBulletin of the Atomic Scientists January, 1999No. 1, Vol. 55; Pg. 70Warnke, Paul C.Killing Detente is a highly readable account of an ill-considered and maladroit exercise in intelligence reassessment that delayed--but did not derail--detente, the process of accommodation that occurred between Washington and Moscow in the mid-1970s.In presenting her analysis of what became known as the Team B exercise, Anne Cahn uses her extensive experience in international affairs, a careful review of many previously unavailable documents, and interviews with key individuals involved in the affair. (I should disclose that I worked with the author at the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency and the Committee on National Security, and reviewed drafts of some chapters of her book.)Shortly after Gerald Ford succeeded Richard Nixon, the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board (PFIAB) began to push for an alternative review of Soviet strategic capabilities, contending that the National Intelligence Estimates prepared by the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) might be understating Soviet strategic strength. Competent analysts, however, had criticized the CIA's reports as greatly overstating Soviet military expenditures.In late 1975, then-CIA Director William Colby responded negatively to the PFIAB proposal and disagreed with its contention that the agency's intelligence estimates erred by "projecting a sense of complacency." But President Ford, engaged as he was with Ronald Reagan's challenge for the 1976 Republican presidential nomination, was sensitive to possible fight-wing criticism. He eventually authorized the Team B adventure.The initial idea was to appoint three panels of outside experts that would assess, respectively, the threat to U.S. ICBM survival created by Soviet missile accuracy, the Soviet anti-submarine warfare capability against U.S. nuclear missile submarines, and the extent to which Soviet air defenses could prevent penetration by strategic bombers.The navy, however, considered information about the operational aspects of submarine patrols and whether they might be trailed by Soviet assets as information that could not be shared, even with the CIA. The second panel, accordingly, was reoriented to deal with Soviet strategic objectives. It is the work of this panel that is generally referred to as the Team B Report.Whatever might be said for evaluation of strategic capabilities by a group of outside experts, the impracticality of achieving useful results by "independent" analysis of strategic objectives should have been self-evident. Moreover, the futility of the Team B enterprise was assured by the selection of the panel's members. Rather than including a diversity of views, as was recently done in putting together the, so-called Rumsfeld Commission on the ballistic missile threat, the Strategic Objectives Panel was composed entirely of individuals who had made careers of viewing the Soviet menace with alarm.As the author notes, the panel's chairman, Richard Pipes, has been called the "intellectual godfather" of the thesis that the Soviets had rejected nuclear parity and were bent on fighting a nuclear war. In an interview, Pipes told Cahn that he wrote most of the first section of the report, which criticized the CIA for underestimating the "intensity, scope, and implicit threat" posed by the Soviet Union, by using evidence relating to capabilities rather than intentions. This section argued that the really important evidence demonstrated that "Soviet leaders are first and foremost offensively rather than defensively minded."It is now entirely clear, however, that by the early 1970s Soviet leaders had concluded that the Soviet Union could not win, and might not even survive, a nuclear war. Anyone thereafter dealing with Soviet officials could readily recognize that they held no illusions about having military superiority over the United States and its allies. They were completely aware that NATO was a security alliance with a solidarity and common purpose that could not be ascribed to the Soviet-dominated Warsaw Pact. Even the dullest of Soviet leaders must have known that a limited nuclear war would almost certainly have meant the destruction of the Kremlin--and thus of the Soviet empire.Detente was not doing too well when Team B met in 1975. It had been badly damaged by the U.S.-Soviet confrontation precipitated in 1973 by the Israeli-Egyptian war. In October of that year, the encirclement of Egypt's Third Army by Israeli defense forces prompted Leonid Brezhnev to call for joint U.S.-Soviet intervention to stop the fighting. Otherwise, suggested the Soviet premier, the Soviet Union might consider acting alone. In response to this muted threat, the United States called a worldwide alert of both its conventional and nuclear forces.Although the crisis soon passed, it cast a continuing chill on the dialogue between Washington and Moscow. The Team B Report was a further blow to detente and, as the author observes, it provided "intellectual fodder" for the Committee on the Present Danger, which was spearheaded by former Undersecretary of State Eugene Rostow. In its first policy statement, released two days after the 1976 presidential election, the committee stated that "the principal threat to our nation, to world peace, and to the cause of human freedom is the Soviet drive for dominance based upon an unparalleled military buildup." The Soviet Union, the committee concluded, "has not altered its long-held goal of a world dominated fromz a single center--Moscow."Not surprisingly, the founding board members of the Committee on the Present Danger included Team B members Richard Pipes, Foy Kohler, Paul Nitze, and William Van Cleave. When Ronald Reagan took office in 1981, Pipes was named the president's special adviser on the Soviet Union and, in a masterpiece of miscasting, Eugene Rostow, the motivating force behind the Committee on the Present Danger, became director of the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency.Fortunately, Mikhail Gorbachev's rise to power and the rapport he developed with Ronald Reagan, beginning with their first meeting in Geneva in 1985, put an end to superpower confrontation politics and, in a few years, to the Soviet Union itself. In the interest of fairness, I must note that Team B member Paul Nitze played a constructive role in that process as arms control adviser to Secretary of State George Shultz.Although detente in the long run survived the right-wing attack, the painful consequences of the Team B affair can still be felt in the diversion of massive funds from genuine human needs to a grossly excessive U.S. military buildup.Cahn voices warm appreciation for the legal work that gave her access to previously undisclosed documents through the Freedom of Information Act. But itis the author's thoughtful analysis of these documents and her searching interviews with key players that give Killing Detente its scope and depth.Previously we knew little about the Team B Strategic Objectives Panel apart from its report. We now know that the way its members were selected and the manner in which it operated virtually preordained its conclusions. Not only is Anne Cahn's book of historical interest and useful as a teaching tool, but it is also a valuable study of how not to set defense policy.Paul C. Warnke, a lawyer in Washington, D.C., was director of the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency and chief arms negotiator in the Carter administration, and assistant secretary of defense for international security affairs in the Johnson administration.Killing Detente: The Right Attacks the CIA; Review; book review Perspectives on Political Science June 22, 1999Perspectives on Political ScienceJune 22, 1999No. 3, Vol. 28; Pg. 164THOMAS, STAFFORD T.Cahn, Anne Hessing Killing Detente: The Right Attacks the CIA University Park, PA: Penn State University Press 232 pp., $ 35.00 cloth, $ 17.95 paper ISBN 0-271-01790-2 cloth ISBN 0-271-01791-0 paper Publication Date: October 1998The basic thesis of Killing Detente is that a group of conservative ideologues worked deliberately throughout the 1970s to undermine the U.S. policy of detente with the Soviet Union. The main focus of their efforts was the National Intelligence Estimates (NIEs) of Soviet military, nuclear, and strategic capabilities and intentions, which are produced by the U.S. intelligence community, especially the Central Intelligence Agency. The group sought to diminish the credibility of the NIEs and to substitute their views of the Soviet threat to influence U.S. foreign and national security policy. Author Anne Hessing Cahn, a scholar in residence at American University, has worked at the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency, the Department of Defense, and the Committee for National Security.The book is divided into nine chapters and also includes an appendix, a glossary, an index, and an extensive bibliography. The bibliography lists fourteen interviews with key figures and numerous documents secured under the Freedom of Information Act.In chapter 1 Cahn explains the importance of Albert Wohlstetter to the detente opponents. In chapter 2 she reviews the domestic and international factors that contributed to their "loose coalition," including a wide array of individuals and groups, some of whom were not politically conservative but had other reasons to oppose detente. In chapter 3 Cahn describes aspects of the international setting in the early 1970s that favored the coalition: confusion about the meaning of detente, Soviet opportunism (especially in the Third World), perceptions of U.S. diplomatic failures in the Helsinki and Vladivostok negotiations, and concerns about Soviet compliance with arms control agreements. In chapters 4 and 5 Cahn discusses the NIE process, the substance of NIEs in the early 1970s, and how the NIEs became the conduit for "conservative" attempts to sabotage detente. Chapter 6 describes the role of the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board (PFIAB), which ostensibly reviewed intelligence policy and performance but became the tool of the detente opponents in their effort to undermine the CIA and the NIEs.Chapters 7, 8, and 9 are devoted to "Team B," a group of nonintelligence Soviet experts who used the same data as the NIE analysts but reached different conclusions. Cahn discusses three reasons for the creation of Team B and the membership and formation of the three Team B groups. She contrasts the alarming Team B results with the more reassuring NIEs on the Soviet threat. An epilogue summarizes her arguments.The book will appeal to scholars and general readers interested in a detailed history of national estimates. Its view of the Team B episode is based on material not available elsewhere. The book is polemical at times but persuasive. It is perhaps best read together with John Prados's The Soviet Estimate and Roy Godson's Intelligence Requirements for the 1980s: Analysis and Estimates.The United States Foreign AffairsMay, 1999 / June, 1999Killing Detente: The Right Attacks the CIA. BY ANNE HESSING CAHN. University Park: Pennsylvania State University Press, 1998, 232 pp. $ 35.00.In 1976, another group of outside experts sounded an alarm about the Soviet threat. (Once again Paul Nitze was there, although historian Richard Pipes was more influential.) Known as Team B, its goal was to critique the official intelligence estimates (those of "Team A"). Cahn is angry, since she views detente as "a time of great hope for the majority of Americans and of great fear for Cold Warriors." But she bites her lip through enough of the book to provide a straightforward narrative of the controversy and the maneuvers that produced Team B. The real and gnawing uncertainties at the time about Soviet capabilities and intentions do not, however, evoke her sympathy, or comprehension. Team B did not kill detente, which was already dead by the time the report appeared at the end of 1976. In another echo of the Gaither Committee, however, Team B had its greatest effect by coalescing the worldview of like-minded neoconservatives who later so strongly influenced the early Reagan administration.
Okay so i got my truck used, It had a license plate thing on the front, I knew I didn't have screws or anything. I bought this kit, and it worked! the little small white things you put in the holes that the screws go in, fits perfect and works great!!! Exactly what I needed
I first heard Sheila Chandra in a radio interview and was impressed enough to run out and get this CD.I wanted to like the music and the artist. I enjoy Indian music and most experimental music. Indipop is fertile ground for some truly original and exciting music. But this isn't it.The overarching impression this album left me was that of an underdeveloped, juvenile artist (approximately 8th grade). In other words, the experiment flopped. I cannot listen to this album without constantly hearing John Cage, Yoko Ono, Brian Eno and Ofra Haza and even the Art of Noise. I enjoy many of these artist because their art is authentic. Chandra's philosophy of song is woefully sophmoric and derivative. Yes it reminds me of those late night bull sessions -- in junior high school.
I bought these hoping for a quality replacement for less money.the set I got leaked and got ink all over my printer and desk.
There was no question we needed a new wiper on our 4Runner. The drivers view was not clear when it was raining and the wiper was in use.This was a better price than most I found on Amazon. It fit perfectly and works quite well.We had 49" of rain at our house this year. Well working wiper blades are a must here.
Jimmie Noone's "Sweet Lorraine" is heavenly, and is worth the price of this cd, alone. I picked up this disc for a little less than 15 dollars at a Classical and Jazz cd store in MyeongDong, South Korea. I was previously aware of Noone only by name. His playing is fantastic. "Sweet Sue" and "My Daddy Rocks Me With One Steady Roll" are other fantastic performances on this disc. I highly recommend this cd to anyone interested in early Jazz. Johnny Dodds, Louis Armstrong, and the genius, Jelly Roll Morton, are other essential Jazz artists whom people should discover.
We used this with our Keurig Breville top-of-the-line k-cup coffeemaker(not sure of the model number). When that stopped working we got the B40 Elite and this "My K-cup" does NOT work with it. We have tried different grinds and different amounts of coffee but grinds get into the coffee mug and water spits and sprays all over the place. It worked fine with our old Keurig machine but not the Elite.UPDATE: I have since discovered that cause if the leaks. It is the black rubber fitting that is above/on the upper needle that pokes into the k-cup. It is different from the orange/red sponge-like fitting on the older Keurig coffeemaker. If you're tossing out your old Keurig you may want to remove this piece and put it onto the newer Keurig. Be careful though, as the needle is very sharp. The reason I gave it 4 stars, is because, we have 2 My K-cups and on one the lid fits so loosely it is useless.
These bulbs give my 2008 Scion XB a much brighter view of the road when the high beams are on. I just wish Sylvania made an H11 version of these bulbs for my low beams. The difference is amazing.Unlike many aftermarket ultra bright headlights these bulbs are 100 percent street legal. You won't have to worry about cops pulling you over and giving you a ticket for using bulbs that are too bright and dangerous for oncoming traffic.In short, if you need brighter bulbs these are your best choice.
En France, il est de bon ton de m&eacute;priser le r&eacute;pertoire national -cas unique en Europe qui ne se retrouve chez aucun de ses voisins. Les entreprises du chef Jean-Paul Penin, logiquement expatri&eacute;, en sont donc d'autant plus pr&eacute;cieuse. En 1996 il a enregistr&eacute; Gwendoline de Chabrier en Slovaquie et les r&eacute;sultats sont &agrave; la hauteur des esp&eacute;rances. Tout d'abord la partition est superbe, et ce d&egrave;s l'ouverture (seul morceau de l'op&eacute;ra ayant surv&eacute;cu en France) et son th&egrave;me de 32 mesures, un des plus longs de l'histoire de la musique. Le second acte est &agrave; lui seul un petit chef-d'aeuvre &agrave; la fois intimiste et brlant dont les deux moments-cl&eacute; sont les chaeurs de l'&Eacute;pithalame et le duo d'amour Soir nuptial, d&eacute;lice profond . On parle beaucoup d'influences wagn&eacute;riennes au sujet de Chabrier mais dans Gwendoline, celles de Bizet et Berlioz sont bien plus patentes. Orchestrateur raffin&eacute;, Chabrier a compos&eacute; ici des pages d'une &eacute;tonnante beaut&eacute; qui sugg&egrave;rent &eacute;motion et m&eacute;ditation.
Pearl Jam was the real deal - they were releasing albums in Seattle when Kurt was still just learning how to play guitar dude...You want to dare call Pearl Jam &quot;phony&quot;?! on Nirvanas &quot;Nevermind&quot; album, Kurt said the song &quot;Something in the Way&quot; was about how he was forced to live under a bridge, WRONG - thats just something he told people, he was kicked out of his house for a little bit because his mama caught him with a girl, (aww, poor guy *rolls eyes) &amp; he lived with friends &amp; in hospitals a bit, then went back home... but he made up this story that he lived under a bridge, &amp; wrote a song about how he... &quot;lived under a bridge&quot;... *laughing* called 'Something in the Way'Eddie Vedders father died before he ever knew him, which is what the last song on 'Ten', &quot;Release&quot; is about...Thats true, plain &amp; simple &amp; honest.... whos the real phony, kid? &amp; as far as calling PJ a &quot;hair band&quot;, PJ was as much of a &quot;hair band&quot; as Zeppelin was before Eddie joined -By the way, if you go look at &quot;Nirvanadude's&quot; past reviews, he states many times how important Pearl Jam is to him, hes only mad cus theres this article circulating around amazon about how Pearl Jam created nirvana, which is true...Deal with it
I've seen this movie several times over the years and it has not gotten better with age. In fact, I really do not understand how it has acquired such iconic stature. The plot is serpentine but somehow not very involving, the acting is way overdone (except for Astor, who is just downright bad), the characters are without exception slimy or at least not very admirable, and the whole thing creaky. To its credit, it is not long and the direction is pretty taut but I certainly think that I have watched it for the last time.
I bought this for my daughter to try. Her hair is thin and about 2" past her shoulders. while using our regualr shampoo & conditioner, her hair was easily mangeable and looked and felt healthy.AFter using Mane n' tail, her hair felt thicker, dry, and tangled very easily. Working with her hair after using this shampoo was hard. I took her into the barber shop for a trim & the beautician commented on how dry her hair was. It was not dry before using this shampoo.Skip it! It's not worth damaging your hair. We'll stick to what's been working for us.
This is an exact replacement as far as can tell.Did not give it 5 stars because of the price. $6.00 for a small piece if plastic, come on man.But if it lasts as long as the original, I guess it 's worth it.
This is a novel by the author of the "Howling" trilogy, Gary Brandner. "The Brain Eaters" was published in 1985. (The Howling was published in 1977.)This book was actually published about seven years *after* the original version of Stephen King's "The Stand." The original version of King's book was published in 1978. (The *uncut* version was published in 1990.)The book begins with the "accidental" release of a biological weapon into the air. Tiny parasites infect at least one person at ground zero. That person spreads disease to other parts of the country. The parasites damage the brain, making people act like rabid animals. They become savagely violent.The disease is fatal, but before the parasites kill you, they make you kill other people.Anyone who survives an attack but sustains a cut, contracts the disease. (The parasites enter the bloodstream through broken skin.)It's a very good book. (But I rounded up. I would give it four-and-a-half stars if Amazon would let me.) If you liked Brandner's other books you'll probably like it.If you liked "Darklings" by Ray Garton, "The Fog" and "The Dark" by James Herbert, or "Flesh" and "One Rainy Night" by Richard Laymon, this book is probably right up your alley.The title "The Brain Eaters" is a bit cheesy and pulp-y, but don't let that keep you from reading the book.Also recommended: "The Lyssa Syndrome" by Christopher Fahy.
I have been playing the game since I was eight years old, and I hoped they would make it into a movie quickly. When they did, I had to see it the very day it premiered. Back then, I thought it was the greatest zombie movie ever made.(Dawn of the Dead 2004 stole that title)It wasn't much like the video game, but it was good. I wasn't expecting it to be good. It was low budget, and the trailer was just an unorganized mess. But I was wrong. It was a great film, and had one of my favorite scenes in movie history. The laser scene.I'm glad they fired that idiot Romero from this movie. I've read his script. You can tell that he's never played the game before they hired him to do the movie. He based his script off the first Resident Evil game, and he ruined it. Chris had eagle friends? Jill left for the mansion first? Rebecca was always with Chris? No!!! He ruined the whole thing, and his style of zombies is pathetic.Paul Anderson did a great job with this movie. People call him a bad director. I've yet to see a movie he's done that was bad. Can somebody tell me what movie is so horrible that nobody likes him?Although the zombies weren't fast, they did make fierce and vicious sounds. I liked that.So this turns out to be a good movie. Better than anything Romero made.
Dawn French of French & Saunders (Ab Fab) fame is simply outrageous. The scripts are captivating with simple sets. Wish there was more than just a few seasons. Also see...Vicar of Dibley Specials..including the handsome stranger with Richard Armitage. The Dwarf King is gorgeous!!!
i love this shampoo! it smells good, takes just a pinch and makes my hair feel soft and thick. this small bottle lasts forever! i would highly recommend it to men with thin fine hair.
Well I bought this DVD thinking that it might be what it seems to be on the cover, that is, a history of France in World War Two. But alas, that is not what the contents reveal.This should be retitled Archival clippings of the American Liberation of France. The first part of this 58 minute documentary is obviously quite old. It seems to be from a rather gung ho documentary made I'm guessing in the 1950s. There is an obvious emphasis on general Eisenhower's view of the war. Very little is seen from the French point of view. Even the amount of time spent on the resistance is about 2 minutes. The rest is from the post-D-Day period. Quite superficial at that.Then without warning one the stock turns to color and we are in a cheaply made documentary, probably from the 80s, with Eliot Gould narrating a short segment about the Red Ball Express. The American supply lines for the same period.So what that means is that there nothing about the causes of the war, the French German relationship, The French failure to protect France, the ocupation, the Vichy Government, the Jewish deportations, The resistance, D-Day, Or what happened after the Americans arrived.In short THIS IS NOT ABOUT FRANCE IN WORLD WAR TWO. It is merely dated footage about the American Forces in France during a brief period. Quite misleading.There are a few pluses though... Better footage of the Paris Liberation than appears in the World At War, lots of other footage that doesn't appear elsewhere. But if you are a student of French History forget it. It's just a disorganized chapter of US military history.
This is my second favorite Gary Cooper movie and the only movie better in my opinion is Sergeant York. While some here complain about not having many special features on the dvd. This movie was done by the best movie company at presenting classic movies on dvd WB. There is a behind the scenes clip as a bonus features of Gary and the rest of the cast practicing for a scene that is priceless. The movie presentation is also first rate and is 5 stars as is the movie. You just don't get special features on other Gary Cooper movies that are not owned by WB with the one exception of High Noon.
Derek Kidner is a brilliant biblical expositor. Here, in one slim paperback, he deftly guides the serious student of the bible through some of the most notoriously difficult books of the Old Testament. By it's nature, this is not a detailed commentary, rather it goes for a sweep - seeing the wood instead of the trees, as it were. While undoubtedly learned and thoughtful, it is also very readable. It sheds clear light, brings to life, and sets the wisdom contained in these books in the context of real life.
Thoroughly enjoyed this novel. I like reading novels which deal with characters who are dealing with 'life', good and not so good. Life situations is what this book presented. Not everyone was happy or content and there were some real issues presented by this novel. I could almost feel the pain Kaj experienced when he recounted the story of what severed his relationship with Rodney. Likewise, I could understand how Dana's childhood experiences caused her to be the person she was in the novel ( i.e., no makeup, baggy clothes etc).The author should be commended for fully exploring and developing these issues and the impact it had on the characters. Although some may feel that this is a love story in the traditional sense, I felt that this was a story about the ultimate love, which is self love and ultimately self acceptance. One of my favorite parts was the dialog between Kaj and the homeless man which I felt was the heart of the novel. Although much easier said than done, we have to let go ( or resolve) the past in order to live in the present and the future. Finally, I also loved the the dialog between Kaj and his mother just before Xmas dinner. Good read!
A very underated Flynn film.March 1865,Errol is a Confederate Captain on a mission from Gen Robert E Lee to organize the Confederate underground in the West and control it for the South.The key is outlaw leader Cole Smith(Howard Petrie)a sacastic,unfeeling hoodlum who Errol and his small unit of Confederate soildiers have little repect for.They save two passangers,(Patrice Wymore and Chubby Johnson)from an indian attack.Soon Union Officer(Scott Forbes)whos engaged to Patrice come looking for her and he too is captured by the Confederates.Trouble brews when the warlike indian tribe attack the mountain where the soildiers are hiding waiting for Cole Smiths men.Patrice Wymore soon became MRS Flynn.Sheb Wooley,local on Rawhide had a big 1950s record with The Purple People Eater .This was his First film.(Only time he worked with Flynn).Errols final Western and last performance with pal,constant sidekick,and later pallbearer,Guinn Big Boy Williams.
Again a well made product with excellent fit. I bought the brown in this and wear it every other day. I suffer from hurting and painful knees. These Grasshoppers support the arch and the pain my knees are reduced considerably.
I've just finished Erik Larson's Thunderstruck and I must say I enjoyed it quite a bit. But I'm a ham radio geek, so much of my interest was in the great detail to which Larson chronicle's Marconi's development of radio communication. I won't labor this review with a synopsis as others have done a great job already.But I see many reviews that complain that the 'novel part' of the story takes a long time to develop. However, Thunderstruck is NOT a novel! If you read the preface and closing notes sections, you'll read that every single word that appears in quotes in the book was from a printed document - letters, testimony, news reports, etc. This is totally a non-fiction work.And yes, the details of Marconi and his development of radio will seem very tedious to many, if not most, readers. But there is plenty of tedium on the side of the story that deals with the murder of Hawley Crippen's wife - long lists of clothing items, and commentary about the couple's character from period witnesses.I had a problem with the time periods involved - readers would be led to believe that the two stories (Marconi and his wireless, and the murder by Crippen) overlap and coincide. They don't! By the time Crippen is charged with murder after a 'boat chase' across the ocean, wireless was in virtually ALL ocean-going vessels (1910). Each chapter dealing with Marconi is actually in the period around 1899 - 1902, whereas the Crippen tale unfolds almost a decade later. In other words, it makes as much sense as a 'parallel tale of worlds colliding' as a book detailing Henry Ford developing the concept of an auto assembly line, culminating in the capture and death of Bonnie and Clyde in their 1930s car!But on whole, it's well written and reads quickly, provided the radio details don't bog you down. I certainly think it's a better read than Devil in the White City, also by Larson. I only point out what I saw as negatives for the benefit of readers who are confused by some of the other reviews. I really did enjoy this book.(One final technical (and very tiny) gripe for radio buffs only - in a couple of places Larson mentions how Marconi hears only static on his receiver. The detector he was using, called a Coherer, was strictly an 'on off' affair. Either a signal of sufficient strength was received, causing it to conduct and either 'click' a Morse sounder or actuate a Morse Inker solenoid, or it was not and nothing occurred. A Coherer detector was not capable of delivering static. It wasn't until the early teens that detectors had sufficient sensitivity to present random atmospheric noise as static. Sorry - but as a geek, I couldn't let this go by. Larson didn't do all his homework, but I'll forgive him! I'm just surprised he didn't research that part a little better.)4 stars - I easily read it on 2 cross country flights.
This DVD just goes to prove that gr8 musios are gr8 - whatever the vintage. These guys hit the sweet spot and cook many times during this set. I noticed them in the 70s as the backing session band for Joe Cocker and many other major artists Their self titled album of the period was amazingBuy this if you want to see dudes in 'bell bottom slacks' belt out amazing tight groovesexcellentAbout time this was releasedThank you
Although some hardcore Blues fans may complain about songs like "Old Rocking Chair" and "My Mother's Eyes" being on this album, the fact is that Lonnie Johnson sounded phenomenal when he crooned. This just isn't the Lonnie album for the guitar nerd; that's all. The interview at the end of the disc about his entire family being musicians is fascinating. Also, despite people often listing his birth year as 1899, he was really born in 1889, according to more modern scholarship.
There is no denying that this is a book firmly from the liberal point of view. This book gives what I consider "old-fashioned" or "classical" liberalism, a liberalism I am very firmly rooted in. McGovern speaks to a less strident, more cooperative form of approaching government, without shying away from his liberalism.I worked on McGovern's 1972 Presidential campaign, as a starry-eyed 18-year-old, during the height of the Vietnam war, and with the "Summer of Love" fresh in my mind as a cultural reference. To me, Nixon was The Enemy, a scheming, conniving hypocrite who stole his foreign policy, particularly re: China, from McGovern,who broke into his opponent's campaign headquarters, looking for something that wasn't there (shades of Weapons of Mass Destruction!), and who had no regard whatever for the rule of law or the responsible practice of fair governing. However, I did not know that McGovern considered Nixon to be a LIBERAL (a "moderate liberal"). His explanation made more sense than I was initially willing to give it, but he is short on dogma (shorter than I was), and longer on a collaborative form of working with and within government.He also lavishes LOTS of praise on Republican Presidents Dwight Eisenhower and George Bush SENIOR, and his longtime friends Bob Dole and Barry Goldwater (all of these held their positions honestly, and could work with people on either or both sides of the aisle to get things done - that's almost a lost art these days...). He was, however, not so fond of the way Bush JUNIOR was running the country...He also dispenses with the idea of liberals being "soft" on terrorism or war; he was a much-decorated bomber pilot in World War 2, and defends his fellow bomber pilots, even the conservative ones, as you would your own brother (I have a conservative brother who I love and admire greatly; let me tell ya, folks, it's not an insurmountable obstacle to respect those you may not agree with...).Chapter 5 is very interesting: "The Sources of Security and National Greatness" - again, a liberal plan to serve as a guide, not a blueprint. He discusses several topics:1) Security and National Interest2) Wise Use of Food Production to Combat Hunger3) National Health (being healthy as individuals as well as a country)4) Education (remember education?)5) Environment6) Farming and it's critical importance7) The Credibility of Government8) The MilitaryI don't mean to review this book as a "me me me" advertisement, but it was a serious eye-opener for me, and I thought I knew him pretty well. The book is VERY well-written, and he sticks to, and defends, his particular form of liberalism, very well. I highly encourage the fence-sitters to read this book; it is not the sort of fist-waving-and-screeching type of liberal that has been portrayed in the press. He was the kind of liberal who I still am, and I got my liberalism from him. If you want to hear it from THE MAN, read this book; it is very well worth your time. It's not thick (only 166 pages, excluding Acknowledgements and the index), and you will learn to see the liberalism that I grew up believing in, and could well deliver this country from eating itself from the inside...
Just a quick note for anyone following my reviews. I bought this series for my mother, and I enjoyed sitting down to watch it with her. My mother was familiar with singer Jill Scott's appearances on the Oprah show, so she was thrilled to see she could act. What carries this series is the cast, tremendous actors from the hairdresser to the auto mechanic, as well as the secretary who is also a junior detective in her own right. Great fun, and a wonderful exploration of a little-known country. Alexander McCall Smith's childhood lends him a unique voice, and I am glad to see his mild stories brought to explosive life on-screen.
I love izze sparkling soda, they are so tasty and refreashing. This one does not really have a blueberry taste but that is a hard flavor to mimic so for the flavor that this soda did taste like it was very nice. It taste alot like the blackberry only more tart, I like it but pomegranate is my favorite so far from the flavores that I have tried.
This is the best PS2 RPG I have ever played!Although linear in format, the game has the most complex storline, animated movies, character developement, items and treasure. This was my first introduction to playing the Final Fantasy series and I absolutely love it. It is destined to be labled as a classic in console gaming.I could go into great detail about the game, but many reviewers have touched on it's pros and cons. The cons are heavily outweighed by the pros. Buy this game over any other RPG if you are going to buy an RPG for the first time, I cannot believe you will be sorry.THIS IS A CLASS ACT in game programming. The execution is flawless. Awesome! BUY IT!
Why is everybody so disappointed with this album. He's just havin a little fun and everybody has to knock it. No other rapper has sold more albums than Em (including 2pac). The best songs are my first single, rain man, and encore. There's absolutely nothin wrong with this album. People are just making it sound like it sucks but it doesn't. Any rap fan would enjoy this album.
I love T and A as much as the next guy but this is just soft core porn. I'm an adult, if I want to watch porn then I will, I don't need it disguised as a vampire flick. The whole movie is just some loser going into a building and watching a couple vamps go at it gently, then he goes to the next the next building and does it again. The vamp girls are crazy hot and always ask him to join in which he declined, even though they show that they don't want to kill him, because he's searching for true love.
No stars preferred for Mr. Kaplow's unfunny, unoriginal, grossly vulgar and sub-sophomoric The Cat Who Killed Lilian Jackson Braun: A Parody. A successful parody requires wit, erudition, a sense of play, a shrewd selection of targets, and some actual humor. None of these are displayed in this sorry and needless massacre of innocent trees. If the author seeks to display venom, he has certainly achieved that. Unfortunately for him, he has also displayed the &quot;fulsome settlings&quot; of his inner mind.The Cat Who books are certainly not above parody, and they may indeed annoy some people enough to make them angry enough to write a biting satire. However, throwing a bucket of random names and manure over a general subject does not constitute a parody.Readers, Braun fans or not, can save money and have an equivalent experience by standing in a cow barn on a hot day and taking a deep whiff.
I absolutely loved this book. At over 800 pages, I thought it would take forever. Well, it did in a way, I'm planning a wedding and couldn't reserve the time I use to to reading. But in the past month, I just couldn't put it down. This book is just such a sweeping saga, you can't help but get wrapped up in the characters lives. It begins in the 1860's and covers over 30 years. I loved the fact that the end is a journal entry 20 years later. This book is definitely a keeper. Hopefully, I can find another copy, because mine is so worn from so long going in and out of my purse.
CASE FOR:The best part about this book is not some ground-breaking secrets of the founding fathers, but their history that illustrate some important principals of leadership. I was inspired after listening to the book on CD.He author takes you through their life, battling England, taking you through their successes and failures. After you listen, you understand what really works, and why it is so important to do what is required of the leader. And of course he tells you what it is, he nicely sums it up at the end of each chapter.He says, &quot;changing times needs new approaches&quot;, &quot;The greater the risk, the greater the glory&quot; you will truly understand the meaning of such phrases from that book. I love this quotes, &quot;We must make the best of the men as they are, since we cannot have them as we wish&quot; I believe that was by George Washington.I got this book on CD already thinking what they can offer me what I haven't already heard, after I was done with it, I was informed and inspired.CASE AGAINST:Donald's book finished little low, but in general I enjoyed his book.
I ordered this from QVC and I have used it several times, not terribly impressed, particularly with the price. Also not sure if my very thick coarse hair is clean. I will not send it back, I can use it as a conditioning treatment but my advice for women with hair like mine is to look for gentler shampoos and wash less often. If you really used the amount of product they recomend you would need 2 full bottles of the stuff a month, to the tune of some 60 bucks. Also the miracle ingredient in it is old fashioned and inexpensive glycerin. Basically a rip-off.
The sound of the CSO is breathtaking and the sensuality of this performance and the drive with which Levine propels it is irresistible. I love it.
Money was short and couldn't drop the cash on the Alpha GPC choline (which is a better source of choline), so I bought this instead. I took 4 pills at a time. Sometimes I did this twice daily. The maximum intake of choline and inositol is wayyyy higher than the intake suggested in the directions of this supplement. Anyways, the way I used this product - it prevented headaches associated with choline deficiency from using racetam supplements such as Noopept and piracetam. Yes, the pills are large, so if you have trouble swallowing pills than maybe look for another product. Me however? I I read these complaints with skepticism and my assumption was right - did not bother me at all.
The photography was incredible. It stayed true to the book. Most of the back story was revealed (except for part of Dumbledore's back story, which I think was important). Maggie Smith and Julie Walters were magnificent. The movie was as exciting as it needed to be (unlike the Half Blood Prince) and kept you on the edge of your seat all the time, even if you'd read the book. I love Alexandre Desplat's movie scores and this one suited the movie perfectly. This really is a must see movie. Amazon's streaming of it was terrific. The movie (and it's predecessor) were so good that I'm even contemplating buying the Blu Ray discs!I was afraid that they were going to leave out the very last part of the story, but they didn't, and the casting for the new Hogwarts 1st year students was perfect.
Ah...I remember driving around for hours and hours, going nowhere in particular, with the 8-track (!) of this great album as the soundtrack for my adventures....I don't know how to pin it down -- whether it's John's GREAT vocals, the driving beat of every song, or just that unexplainable "spirit" present in the music as a whole -- but this is one of my favorite John albums....play it, remember John, scream out the lyrics, and it'll keep a smile on your face!
Being the Hart fan that i am and will always be, i have been waiting for years for a rerelease of Owen Hart vs. Brett Hart. It finally comes in the form of an all cage match dvd. Now, for someone like me, who just wants that match, the absolute boredom that comes from watching the first disc feature, the rather high price, and some unworthy matches are absolutely worth it. This DVD is not pure crap, uh uh. Just some of the matches and my ratings for each.Bruno Samartino vs. Ivan Koloff:A very good match that is fun to watch if just to see how the match form has changed. 4/5Jimmy Snuka vs. Don Muraco:Legendary match that is not only historically significant, but fun to watch also: 5/5Magnum TA vs. Tully Blanchard, I Quit:Definately the second best match on the disc. An absolute masterpiece: 5/5Ric Flair vs. Dusty Rhodes:Possibly the best match in the historic fued between two of the greatest ever: 5/5Bret Hart vs. Owen Hart:Never has a cage match expressed such emotion, such athletisism, such pure wrestling. Countless thrilling spots, many near finishes, and two of the greatest wrestlers of the 90s make what is, in my opinion, the greatest cage match ever: 5/5Marty Jannetty vs. Shawn Michaels:An odd choice for this DVD, while this match is very good, it is not nearly as good as the classics they had at that years Royal Rumble or the one on Raw: 4/5Hunter Hearst Helmsely vs. Mankind:Fantastic match from one of the greatest ppvs in WWE histoy, Summerslam 97: 5/5Edge vs. Kurt Angle:Apply what i said for Jannetty vs. Michaels here: 3.5/5
Bottom line, the more processed food and animal products that you eat, the more your health will suffer over time. Now you don't have to read the book. No, seriously, Dr Fuhrman dispels some of our long held beliefs in what our bodies need and crave. This is only a diet book in the sense that our diets should consist of a high concentration of certain types of foods....period. Not for a month or two and then back to the way we were eating before, but for the rest of our lives. Even if you incorporated some of the principles found in this book you would benefit. You will have to find a source of good quality fruits and veggies so you will enjoy eating them. I have been easing into this way of eating simply because I have a lot of things in my cupboards that I refuse to throw out and I have still lost 10 pounds in two weeks! And I'm only 20 pounds overweight. I'm not feeling starved either.If you struggle with weight this book is for you. And especially if you have any other health issues, you should try this and see if it doesn't help with them.
"High Stakes" follows Bonnie and Dale Johnson's year of teaching 3rd and 4th grades in a high poverty school in Northern Louisiana. The book chronicles the despair of poverty and the insanity of the high stakes testing movement. As a teacher in Louisiana, I can say that the book is accurate, although the situation has become even more insane (and dire) since the Johnsons' experience. This ethnography is extremely easy to read and difficult to put down!I found myself shaking my head at the injustice of how impoverished kids are treated across our state, and probably the country. Working in a high poverty school I found that some of my experiences mirror the Johnsons', such as the poor learning conditions (rodent infestations!) and the focus on test scores.The Johnsons repeatedly point out instances where teachers are treated as though we are untrustworthy; again, I found such instances mirrored my own experiences. The authors also express their frustration when huge amounts of money are thrown at "problems", with no thought about efficacy, teacher input, or alternative solutions.This is another book that I think everyone needs to read. As a teacher, I realize that most people are unaware of the insanity surrounding high stakes testing and I think more people would protest if they knew what really happens.
I took this back to the store after wasting an entire weekend.It worked with OS10 a little. Didn't work with OS9. The supplied utility software is pathetic. Just plug and pray. I managed to get 300 bps through it. Yep that's 1/1,000 what my cable modem connection is capable of.Is incompatible with most RoadRunner modems.No provision to upgrade or even adjust the antennae.Unconventional shape shows that more effort was put into artistic merit than software convenience and hardware function.I ended up with a Linksys at less than half the price with greater range, more features at a much lower price.Don't pay the Apple premium thinking this router will have the best chance of working without a lot of tinkering. There is no provision for tinkering.
Blood Omen:Legacy Of Kain is an excellent video game in all aspects.A gripping storyline with many plot twists set in a very bleak,gothic enviroment.The voice acting in the game is superb and very convincing with an errie but very appealing music soundtrack.This game is also original by breaking the mold of playing the typical "good guy" in video games;though in all honesty Kain is not the evil monster that you might assume he is.The later installments of this game emphasize that and also showhow the supposed "righteous" forces of this game are in fact sinister and corrupt.It is absolutely necessary to play and beat Blood Omen in order to fully enjoy Soul Reaver and to understand the massive plot twists of Soul Reaver 2.This game is a must have!
Im not going to lie to you folks. I went into to this movie with low expectations. But it turned out to be a great heart warming film. Check it out you wont be let down.- The Movie Guy
I have to say that Publisher's Weekly put it mildly when they called the author's credibility strained by his reliance on anecdotal stories and explanations of telepathy. Let me make this clear, this book is not a reliable resource on autism or any serious aspect of it. It is a collection of superstitious claims used to glorify autism and connect it to a fabricated world. While it may have some use to boost self-esteem of the newly diagnosed, I honestly can't imagine any other reason for a rational person to buy this book.
Very good book, I recommend it. It reads like a collection of related short stories and is clean, crisp and very insight. The author was a young boy who matured in to his teens in Nazi Germany in the 1940s -- I recommend this book for all ages.
Wow, this movie was so bad I really don't even know where to start! I got the white stallion because the cover stated,&quot;Classic family entertainment in the tradition of The Black Stallion.&quot; That is far from the truth! This movie is about as far from the Black Stallion as you can get! In previous reviews, people stated that the movie was so bad it was funny. That is true, my favorite is the fact that a sixtyish Mickey Rooney is in love with a twenty year old woman! It's hysterical! The plot is a joke, and really not worth mentioning, and the acting is terrible! The main character, goes to the doctor, and he tells her she has, &quot;an eye disease.&quot; that's it, that is the prognosis, and she may go blind from it! All in all, the movie is not worth watching, the horse really doesn't have a major role in this movie. He doesn't have a stong bond with the girl, and the only reason she likes him is because he is worth a lot of money, and she can sell him to cure her, &quot;eye disease&quot;. Don't even bother with this one people, go watch something worth it. I would suggest The Black Stallion, The Horse Whisperer, Phar Lap, and National Velvet. Now those are wonderful horse movies!
This is the first time I've worked on a stability ball and I really enjoyed it. The moves are not terribly exciting or varied, but I don't mind because Kimberly has such a great, friendly personality ("You wanted to do another set, right?" "Now hand me the weights. Don't actually hand them to me, we're not done yet.") The lower body section has some excellent moves for the hamstrings, we often hear about stretching them but this has some of the few moves I've seen that really strengthens them. The moves in the upper body section are very controlled so you can keep increasing your weight without losing form. The stretch program, while not superior, is very good considering that this comes from Ten Minute Solution (I've been underwhelmed by many of their stretches, check out Madeleine Lewis for some good ones.) I initially used a weighted ball (it's got sand in the bottom) which is great for people who want to move the focus from the core to the arms. I have a low ceiling, which could be problematic with the lifting the ball overhead, but I think it's fine just lifting the ball to head height. I'll definitely look for more Kimberly Spreen workouts.
I used this product for a wedding cake and it turned out fabulously. No one could believe I started with a cake mix. I did add almond and butter flavoring to the mix, and it really was delicious when baked.
SHIPED VERY FAST, THE PRODUCT IS JUST GREAT, NO ISSUES AT ALL, REAL IMPREESED WITH HOW FAST IT WAS. JUST GREAT!!!
Arrived quickly, exactly what we had before but at a lower price. We'll definitely order again when we need them.
Star Trek III is the exception to the general rule that the &quot;odd-numbered&quot; Star Trek films are the weak entries in the series. It is ably directed by Leonard Nimoy, in his first directoral effort, and features some excellent performances from a strong cast.&quot;The Search for Spock&quot; is part of a loose trilogy that begins with Star Trek II. Like the earlier film, it builds on the character relationships established in the television series. At the end of Star Trek II, Spock apparently sacrificed his life to save the Enterprise, and his body was sent down to the surface of the newly created Genesis planet. But it develops that Vulcans like Spock have a &quot;katra,&quot; a sort of spiritual and intellectual essence, and Spock managed to infuse his into Dr. McCoy before he died. So Kirk and McCoy have to hijack the Enterprise to return to the Genesis planet (with the aid of Scotty, Sulu and Chekov). Meanwhile, back at that very planet, Kirk's son David and Lt. Saavik (Robin Curtis, the one weak link in the cast) have found a living Vulcan child. And lurking somewhere out in subspace is an ambitious Klingon (Christopher Lloyd), who is surely up to no good (trust me, this all works better on film than it sounds in print).Nimoy directs ably from a script by Harve Bennett. William Shatner turns in his usual solid job as Kirk, while Lloyd is well cast as his antagonist. With Spock not a presence on screen, other cast members get more of a chance to shine--Nichelle Nichols as Uhura (&quot;You want adventure?&quot;) and George Takei as Sulu (&quot;Don't call me Tiny&quot;) have marvelous moments. Most important, given Dr. McCoy's central role in the plot, DeForest Kelley gives his finest performance in any of the Star Trek films, if not his entire career.
This album is hot for some lil kids rappin! They had some aight flows, Beats By The Pound did the production so u know its got hot beats! Ima grown man, I listen to it! I listen to it around my lil cousins, but its better than Bow Wow or Romeo! its a cd for all ages! Grown or young! Its a banger! Get It! &amp; Oh Yeah, there isnt [Explicit Lyrics] On it, so if you wanna buy if for ya lil relative then get it! Its clean, no swearin!TruTankSoldiers.com
Of the three Live In Boston cd's by the original, aka the real Fleetwood Mac, the Peter Green Fleetwood Mac, this is the best, but get all three. However, Then Play On is the quintessential cd of that group. After that, Men of the World: The Early Years is a must have, a 3-cd set including 15-17 minute long live versions of some of their greatest songs, including Green Manalishi, plus lots of other live and studio stuff. The sound quality is superb.
Easy to read, funny, witty with great photos that illustrate every HOW TO, this book is a winner! I recommend it for any graduating bachelor as he leaves college for the world of work.We live in a world that has become so casual that it is sloppy.The book will also be a great &quot;starter kit&quot; for &quot;beginning adults&quot; who want to upgrade their outdated images and uncover potential.Buy it, use it,be inspired by it and be creative! It just might make your life better.
I watched it for about 15 minutes and quit. It is not my kind of movie.I hate the fact that Amazon makes me waste my time with these required fields. This product was not worth my time.
Then I am probably in my second childhood. OK story, some similarities in Mood to ET. A &#34;Hopeful&#34; movie, a definitive family movie.A &#34;Feel Good&#34; movie which I love.
There is much fine music on this disc. The engineering is lousy. It is recorded at an extremely low level except for the forte passages which blast out at an unpleasantly loud and ear shattering volume. Avoid this disc!
What is more important ~ loyalty or honesty, honesty or loyalty. This is a question that undergirds this bleak, well written story of people and relationships that never become all that was hoped, all that was inherently possible. A compelling first novel.
I placed these on my usa made ovation baladeer. Stays in tune well and does a better job than the stock Ping tuners. This is the industry standard and you wont be disqppointed. To those who say it doesnt stay in tune should have their guitar's bridge checked as flaws in the bridge can cause problems in tuning.
I read an article about this writer a few months back---really expecting good things from this book. In fact, there seems to have been a lot of publicity from the lit. critics touting this one and I truly fell for it. I had this title on my list and finally got around to reading it.Firstly, the writing itself comes off as amateurish. No wonder people are saying it doesn't merit Fiction 101 or even high school creative writing class stature. That was the first shock.Secondly, the story itself is so implausible, and the premise never delivers, making your schlock gothic pulp read seem quite good compared to this. So sorry I believed the critics on this one. Which leads me to another thing--Egan must have some pretty impressive connections! How else can anyone explain the praise this so-so novel has received?So much better to be had.
I mean how do you beat near perfection? this game was a decent game, but no one was playing fighting games besides Street Fighter 2 and Mortal Kombat 2, because they were the greatest titles. 2 stars for this one.
`Last Summer' was written by Salvatore Lombino using the pen name `Evan Hunter', which he reserved for his mainstream fiction pieces (`Ed McBain' was the pseudonym Lombino used for his detective and police procedurals). The hardcover edition was published in 1968; this Signet paperback was published in April 1969. Hunter published a sequel, `Come Winter', in 1973.Needless to say, a paperback like `Last Summer' isn't complete without a great James Bama cover; unfortunately, Bama worked for Bantam Books, so Signet made do with a rather underwhelming photo-collage cover.And, needless to say, `Summer' is a lot milder than the lurid cover blurbs would have you believe.It's the late 60s, and high school sophomores Sandy, Peter, and David are longtime Summer Friends, spending their days all season long on Greenwood Island (a fictional stand-in for Martha's Vineyard). David is a self-confident athlete; Peter a self-effacing intellectual; and Sandy, with her bikinis, long blonde hair, and great tan, is easily the grooviest chick on the island.In between lounging on the beach, sneaking beers from their parent's refrigerators, and sailing around the island, our sunkissed trio take the time to tame a seagull, take in racy Art House films, and help out with the chores at adult parties (whose `Mad Men' -era attendees drink and smoke to excess, clumsily try the latest dances meant for kids half their age, and tippsily grope Sandy).Rhoda is also summering on the island.....except she's short, Jewish, pale, dark-haired, Jewish, wears braces, clumsy, neurotic, Jewish, deeply insecure, periodically depressed, and..... Jewish.With the sort of amused, slightly mocking attitude WASPs display to those Born Less Fortunate, our trio decide to take Rhoda under their wing. Rhoda is thrilled to be hanging out with the Cool People.But there may be a price to pay when you hand out with the Beautiful People....`Summer' is best described as `A Separate Peace', albeit on the beach.Author Hunter employs the same prose structure as John Knowles: the first-person narrative is a flashback coming from an older, sadder, wiser Peter. There are lengthy monologues in which Peter documents his at-times confusing journey into the strange mysteries, and adult allures, attendant to adolescence.Lengthy sections of dialogue carried out amongst the four friends make a regular appearance in the narrative, as do frequent descriptive passages, saturated with a deliberately poetic and contemplative atmosphere, that evoke Youthful Innocence, and the growing awareness that Evil Lurks In Us All.The novel's denouement will seem rather underwhelming to modern audiences. Indeed, the adolescent explorations that surface in `Summer' will draw amused titters from modern readers aware of the antics of the `Sandy' who stars in Paul Ruditis's 2005 schlock novel, `Rainbow Party'.So, if you're in the mood for a contemplative novel that takes the wistful tenor of `A Seperate Peace', the Sandpiper's song `Come Saturday Morning' ,and even the modern tune `Simple Kind' by the Dallas dream-rock group Little Black Dress, and transplants them to a golden beach filled with groovy 60s vibes, then `Summer' is well worth a look.
For those who were around when punk hit the UK it would come as no surprise to know that the Clash have stood the test of time while the Sex Pistols didn't. The Pistols did one superb album but the rest of their output was dire. The Pistols had huge amounts of energy but their nihilistic message ultimately got you nowhere. The Clash usually had more hope in their lyrics- their message was normally about people taking their destiny in their own hands to improve their situation. The Clash were always open to a far greater range of musical influences than the Pistols who just got stuck in a punk rut. 'London Calling' was probably the greatest Clash album. My personal favorite Clash song, 'the Guns of Brixton', (surprisingly not written by either Jones or Strummer), is on here, as are other superb Clash highlights, especially 'Spanish Bombs' and 'London Calling'. The album also has one of the best sleeves of all time. This is one of the best punk albums ever, although to describe it as a punk album overlooks the wide range of musical styles on here. This was one of the most influential and creditable bands of their generation. If you like this album check out Stiff Little Fingers (offered referred to as the Irish Clash) and Mano Negra (considered as the French Clash).
Have you heard the joke &#34;Pixar made a more powerfully emotional movie in the first 10 minutes of UP than the entire Twilight saga put together&#34;? SO true! Not only is this an adorable movie about unlikely friends taking a harrowing journey in a fantastic environment, it's a journey of the imagination all lifestyles and ages enjoy. Truly! Goth metal heads enjoy the humor, my grandparents find the elderly curmudgeon charming and I love all the bright colors and direction.
Basinski has occupied a sort of niche for decades, as a sort of minimalist performer of low-tech synthetic sound art. There are intuitive links to Rolf Julius, though also many obvious differences; links also to Fennesz; you could say he's like a cross between Fennesz and Terry Riley. If you've discovered a fondness for those composer/musicians, you'll probably like this. It's music at a kind of limit. In this case, it's two discs of one loop that coils in on itself, generating an apparently endless variety of incremental change and accidental surprise. Basinski's like the auditory equivalent of Robert Irwin, back when Irwin was still making discrete objects; describing it makes it sound like a science project, but listening to the recording , the sheer beauty of it drops you to your knees.
Not much can be added to what's already been said... fine action, engaging characters & storyline, intricate technical detail, not to mention witty and entertaining. Some of the passages on Hiro's academic research can become tedious, but that's really the only fault I could find with this novel, and it's a minor one. Read and enjoy.
This is another parable book by Spencer Johnson. I still think "Who Moved My Cheese" is the better of the books as far as delivering the message and getting you to think.The message here is to "train" your workers to effectively complete their tasks/goals by using one minute goal setting, and one minute praise and reprimands. The author argues that this method is more effective than simply hiring someone, giving them a job description, and then giving them an annual review. He uses an analogy of a bowler bowling a strike. The bowler feels accomplishment when he sees how many pins he has hit right away. The feedback is immediate and it is obvious. If the bowler bowls but an imaginary paper is blocking his view of the pins and all he hears is the strike, then how does he know what just happened; did he do well or do poorly? In the same way, if you don't let your workers know they are doing a good job or even doing a bad job and you just evaluate them once a year, they will show about the same enthusiasm as the bowler who "bowls in the dark."If you are a good manager or a good boss, I would hope you are already actively monitoring and praising your workers progress. I think if you are a go-getter, you probably already manage this way because you care about the people working for you and the work at hand. I had a supervisor one time when I was at my first job and he used a similar style of managing and things always got done. I felt comfortable around him and work was fun. I had another supervisor in another department that didn't have a clue what was going on. Some people were working, some were slacking and some things just would not seem to get done; the department was inefficient and it was a mess.The goal of the one minute manager is to make sure everybody clearly knows what needs to be done, and when something isn't getting done, you need to offer immediate feedback by reprimanding them. When things are getting done, you need to also offer feedback in the form of praise/encouragement. The key to all of this is to let your workers know beforehand that this is how you manage.I only paid a buck for this book so obviously I feel that I got my money's worth. I don't think it's worth the full price considering the message is rather on the basic and somewhat obvious side. I still think it's worth a read. There is no A-ha! moment here, but this advice certainly can benefit you not only at work but also in other relationships.
Watch this movie any time you feel sad for a real pick me up--I laughed till I cried!!!!
Just went out and got this because of course my Licorice Pizza was worn down to the grooves. This was a rare album when it hit back in the day, I mean you had the great Mitch Mitchell on drums and everyone knows where he is from. Then Mike Pinera from &quot;Blues Image&quot; of the song 'Ride Captain Ride' and then with &quot;Iron Butterfly&quot; Russ Smith on Bass and Tommy Sullivan on Keyboard and Reeds who does in fact also has a good rock voice. The catcher here though is April Lawton who came out of know where and plays a great guitar, some rumors back in the day were that she was a Jimi Hendrix protege and she does stand out here. I mean come on now, do you think Mitch Mitchell and Mike Pinera would just let anyone front the lead guitarist position in thier band? April did one more album under the Ramatam name and then just drifted away, if there is anyone that knows where she is or what happened to her please write me. I have tried for many years to get in touch with her and she has always remained a mystery? This is truely a collectors find and I myself am glad that it was finally put on CD.
This is perhaps the best work if you are simply looking for examples of how government intervention can cause harm instead of good. Additionally, this has been the work that pushed the recognition of monetarism into the heat of the economic mindset.This being said, it is important to note that the theory underlying this endeavor is not an ample explanation of the Great Depression as it is conventionally used. The bottom line is that there are simply far too many exogenous and endogenous factors that operate regardless of what or what not government policy may influence. Additionally, the compilation of data and analyses from financial markets over the years shows with clarity that Friedman's general framework is a very special exception, not a rule. Read Michael Emmett Brady's review, as he seems to touch on this more.Ultimately, the conclusion, in my opinion, is not worth the effort. Everyone long understood, if perhaps not the extent, the potential for intervention through misguided fiscal or monetary policy to cause harm. Friedman's methodology is far too ideologically tempered to continue to be taken seriously. However, the compilation of statistical data alone make this a necessary purchase for anyone serious about (ironically) economic history in the United States. It is (Edit - was) also a highly original analysis of depression economics, for those interested. Even with the truckload of ideology and faulty, sometimes absurd, assumptions taken to build a logical framework, this book is worth reading simply because of its influence on economics as a discipline. The main question is its relevance.Conclusion - Buy this for compiled data and statistics, and to understand the thinking that has had huge effect, if not for quite a while dominated, mainstream economics. Leave the ideology at the door.
I received a WMR100NA a week ago. I have yet to get the temperature/pressure sensor to communicate with the console. The atomic clock only synced once, other than that it will not sync and time/date has to be set manually. The manuals that come with the unit are very poorly written, and Oregon Scientific's web site docs are only marginally better. I have spoken twice with their tech support people, who have tried to help but no go. I was told that I could return the sensor to OS, so I drove over there and a very friendly and helpful person found another unit for me, we tested it in their lobby and it worked fine. Back home, and it's no longer working. I'm going to try one more round of resetting everything (leave the batteries out for six hours, then install the batteries, then hit the reset buttons). If this doesn't work, it's going back.The other frustration is the lack of software for MacOS. The only software I've found for it is Weather Display, which is a Windows port and rather poor by Mac standards. A much nicer looking program is Lightsoft Weather Center, which runs on Davis and LaCrosse units.This is all very disappointing, as this looks to be a good weather station for the money.
That's sort of the theme of this story- the characters live the rest of their lives worshipping their first Passion forever. It is beautiful and the descriptions of Venice will make you want to book a flight there immediately.Incidentally, something most reviewers seem to have missed here is that Henri's story and Vilanelle's story are both taken from the real life of French author Stendhal (aka Henri Marie Beyle, the 19th century author of The Red and The Black), who really was a cook for Napoleon and really did have unrequited love for a noble lady, Mathilde Viscontini Dembowski. Read Stendhal's &quot;Love&quot; for more on that particular episode.
No one under the age of 25 is going to agree with me, but who cares. I think it's great they finally have a show about teens on Broadway, but to be this cliche', with so little if anything to say, uninteresting with a score poorly written is just a real pity. I suppose it's a start, but as far as speaking and expounding on youth, take me to HAIR any day over this.
I didn't see this film at Christmas because the previews and trailers all looked sappy and Christmas-y. However, someone whose opinion I trust recommended the movie on DVD. So I watched. And is it sappy? Yes. But warm and fuzzy and really funny. Recall "13 Conversations About One Thing" (also recommended), but lighter and with British accents. A good "movie night" movie - a crowd pleaser. You won't love it, but you won't hate it. And you might watch it again when you're all alone and want to cry over the really sappy parts - when you know better.
They snuck this one out with no fanfare, much like the original airings. I hope the second season follows soon. The girls are fun and funny, the scripts often witty (though there are a few episodes where the show struggles for footing). My wife and I loved the show and miss it. Perhaps a guilty pleasure, perhaps a show too many people underestimated. The first season, at least, held moments that parodied so many cliches at so many levels that I'm betting a majority of people missed the point.So, when do we get the second season?
This has always been one of my favorite movies. I have seen it at the theatre (twice)and owned it on VHS (3 copies) and Betamax. I have seen it dozens of times, but the DVD version is really amazing. The old 1950's sound is still crappy, but the details in the video portion were like I'd never seen it before. Even if you have the VHS version, you owe it to yourself to get the DVD.
OK, some serious hype needs to be deflated here, lest any zombie flick fan waste their hard-earned cash. First and foremost: 'Sleeping Corpses' is NOT the superior zombie movie reviewers would lead you to believe. Actually, it's not even a good living dead movie at all. What it is, however, is a fun, campy dvd that can be enjoyed with a few friends ready to laugh. Worth two sawbucks? Not really, and don't even fall for the silly notion of buying the Limited Edition Tin version.I bought this film based on reviews I'd read here and elsewhere proclaiming it to be a superior 'Night of the Living Dead'-inspired film, great zombie film, etc. It doesn't even come close to 'NOTLD', or Fulci's 'Zombie', or even 'Burial Ground'. The zombies, and I believe you only get a grand total of about 10 throughout the film, aren't very-well done. In fact, half of them don't even appear to have much or any make-up on at all. The first 45 minutes of the film are spent establishing the silly plot and character development, giving us one zombie in that whole time. What you end up with are a few pushy characters and a tractor that emits radioactive sound waves designed to drive insects crazy, with the added side-effect of bringing the dead back to life. No joke.The film is slow-paced, and too much time is spent on the two main characters, who aren't all that interesting. The highlight of the movie is the cranky, accusatory police chief. He makes the film enjoyable, adding a great touch of grumpy-old man humor to an otherwise plodding psuedo-zombie murder mystery plot. The best is his method of interrogation (which amounts to him barking " admit ya did it " two questions in ), and his hatred for everyone around him ... He makes the movie worth viewing once, and creates the campy atmosphere that saves 'Sleeping Corpses' from being total garbage.I'm here to help dispel the myth that 'Sleeping Corpses' is some sort of classic,'must-have' zombie film. I spent my cash based on the reviews, and I'm thoroughly disappointed. I did enjoy the humor of the film, but it fails miserably as a horror or zombie film. Poorly-made zombies, a goofy 'scientific' plot, and a few yanked-out organs and entrails don't always guarantee a good zombie flick. Classic zombie films build terror and tension, give a sense of hopelessness for the characters, and give you great-looking zombies. None of those elements are present here. Avoid unless you must have every zombie film in existence.
I was impressed with the pictures, the matter-of-fact tone, and the distribution of info (ancients, moderns, and with the major religions of today given extra pages...but all scrupulously equal in importance).Finally, a book that addresses religion as part of mankind, not above all the other parts of mankind. Unless you are threatened by teaching a religion other than your own, I can't see anything offensive to believer or non-believer.
The Widescreen Collector's Edition, has it everything! The movie, trailers, a behind the Special Effects, deleted scenes... and even a poor quality videogame. The movie however is nothing less than a cheesy popcorn B film, but it still can be fun if you put your mind in blank and you like to do nothing on Sunday's noons. If you want to buy this movie be sure to buy the DVD Widescreen Collector's Edition if you want your money to worth.
&lt;Anyone unfamiliar with No Use For A Name's history has probably never heard of their debut album, INCOGNITO, which was released by the long-irrelevant label New Red Archives in 1990, and discreetly re-issued by Fat in 2001. My copy happens to be a re-issue, but the only noticeable improvement is that the horrendous nun-praying-alongside-some-dancing-cats logo of NRA has been pulled from the liner notes and the CD sticker. The sound quality remains the same. Which is a good thing. Incognito is raw, flawed, somewhat amateurish in its execution, and really couldn't succeed otherwise: any illusions of grandeur would sink this record faster than Butterbean in a pool. Although it doesn't rank among NUFAN's best albums, it does an admirable job at providing the listener with a ton of fun.The music on here is a rather strange mix of brutal punk rock, metal, and what can only be described as growling, courtesy of Chris Dodge (of Spazz "fame"). Now, I'm not talking about effeminate, light Iron Maiden-esque metal here. In spite of the metal influences, there are few solos on this album. The songs are constructed around a blend of pounding guitars, screaming, and transitions between slow and fast tempos. The track that epitomizes this sound is "It Won't Happen Again," which builds with slow-paced yelled verses before making a transition to a blazing punk chorus. Those who enjoy NUFAN for their poppy melodies would do well to approach this album with serious caution; INCOGNITO is filled with melodic moments, but the majority of these moments are of a nature that will appeal only to those who enjoy bands such as Sick of It All, The Avenged, and Snapcase. Nonetheless, there are a few exceptions. "DMV" and "I Detest" are surprisingly direct in their approach to accessible punk rock, and would not be out of place on NUFAN's mid-90s albums. They are, however, simply not of the same caliber of the songs found on those gems, primarily due to Tony Sly's at-the-time undeveloped singing style and the band's incomplete search to find true cohesion and direction as a unit.INCOGNITO's biggest flaw lies in its pacing. Most of the songs begin with a nice intro...which then proceeds to go on, on, and on, until you find yourself wondering if the track is an instrumental. Take "Felix," for example. Its duration is 2:24, but Tony only starts singing 1:08 into it. Now, the song's chorus is enjoyable in itself, but in this verse-less format it simply feels like a stand-alone chorus, a head without a body. There are never any build-ups. The music ranges from passable to good, so you won't ever find yourself cringing as you listen, but it detracts from the songs in that you won't feel a rush waiting for that great chorus to come along. You will merely listen, and, if you like hard-edged punk, enjoy, but the experience will be devoid of any genuine anticipation.Lyrics? You can forget about the "relationship crap" some purists complain about when referring to the band's later albums. The sole relationship Tony Sly addresses is a seemingly bitter one (she's just a power bitch/that I already know). Sly's lyrical themes focus mainly on politics, mean people, and juvenile matters that need not be described here. At times he is pedantic: "People like you should be punched/Punched right in the face!/Feeding us your lies/Gonna put you in your place." On occasion, he shows signs of a burgeoning maturity: "This is not a puppet show/No one in the world is hanging on a string/Take a look around; there are people everywhere/They might be going in circles, but it's their own thing." And in "Truth Hits Everybody," he actually manages a few good lines that hint at greater things to come: "You had me thinking in a backwards motion/You use no Scope to smell you daddy's breath/She does not choose to use no suntan lotion/If you don't like the words, then you can guess." Wait, that's a Police cover. Well, he sings it with conviction.Singing with conviction is not something that can be said about Chris Dodge. In fact, most of his "vocals" on this record (2 complete songs, a few verses, and backups) shouldn't even be classified as such. "Record Thieves" is a strange, strange affair in which Dodge appears to be randomly growling out the liner notes while the band plays out-of-tune. In "Weirdo" Dodge at least follows the music, but sounds so bizarre that it will be impossible for your ears, or your brain (which I recommend that you don't use to scrutinize the lyrics), to focus on anything but the guy. By the way, that latter song will go down in history as NUFAN's most experimental ever. You've never heard a song quite like "Weirdo" before, trust me.This album just feels like a hodgepodge of good and bad ideas. There are some linear, enjoyable tracks (DMV, Sign the Bill), some which fall a bit short due to the band's excessive reliance on the instrumental (Felix, Hail to the King), and some which are only semi-interesting due to the hilariously awful growling of Chris Dodge (Record Thieves, Weirdo). Essentially, INCOGNITO is a light-hearted version of NUFAN; one full of little indulgences, goofiness, cheesiness, and most importantly, fun. For a mature and confident effort from the band, check out their latest album instead.
This film is worth watching JUST for the dancing! AMAZING! Especially that Vera Allen. I have never seen such amazing dancing in my life. The songs are great too. Of course, it's old Hollywood so the story is cheesy, but get it for the dancing!
This cd is completely horrible!! All the songs are not catchy or have any good riffs what so ever. The only good song is Magic. And even that gets tired really fast.
Because I note that the existing reviews on this site refer to the previous edition, this New Yorker recommends the Blue Guide as the only NY guidebook you will need. I refer to mine again and again.One caveat: the subway lines are now happily back to normal, again running to South Ferry, and the map included in this book, which went to press shortly after the World Trade Center disaster, is out of date. Updated maps are posted in every subway station and train, are available free at every subway change booth, and can be reviewed on the Web.
I'm listening to the album right now... it's blowing my mind how good it is. I am a huge fan of Atom Heart and Burnt Friedman in all their various forms, but Flanger is what started it all for me. I love 'Templates' and 'Midnight Sound' but 'Outer Space' didn't do much for me.Spirituals is fantastic. It's all banjo and Django Rhienhardt, clarinet and grand piano but totally pixelled out... no dub here but really tweaked out and joyful old timey jazz band tunes. It's like nothing else I've ever heard... probably the most excitement I've felt in new music for a long time!I. Love. It.
For all the tens of people yearning for Ryan Adams to reform Whiskeytown, this is probably the closest you'll ever get. His most country-tinged album since the breakup of that band, Ryan returns to his musical roots on this double album (which really could have been just one long disc, a la Gold).Ryan pulls a Neil Young and credits the album to "Ryan Adams and the Cardinals," a band formed for the purposes of recording it. Despite its obvious country tilt, this album will have something for all Ryan's differing fans, the country - "Magnolia Mountain," "Let It Ride," the rockers - "Cold Roses," "Beautiful Sorta," and the ballads - "Now That You're Gone," "How Do You Keep Love Alive." The latter song is one of his loveliest and would not be out of place on Heartbreaker or Love Is Hell, I wouldn't doubt if it was recorded during the sessions for LIH.Ryan explores his relationship with God and nature in detail on this album. He starts by talking about "the rocks of the mountain my saviour made" in the opener, "Magnolia Mountain." The album is peppered with these sort of references. "Close my eyes, see the glorious sunset/Through the windows of a store and I want it/Anyway, if I ever felt haunted/You were there for me..." "Hear all them bells ringing out in the street/Oh, hammer strikes the metal and it makes me believe/'Cause if I don't believe in love/Then I don't believe in you/And I do"Church bells? There are numerous references to God, angels, and souls, for example, in "Let It Ride" - "Let it ride/Let it take away all of this darkness/Let it ride/Let it rock me in the arms of stranger's angels until it brings me home..." He's not being preachy to any extent, but I get the sense that this album is Ryan's declaration of his faith. It's not the only theme, but it is a theme.This is not Ryan's best work, but that is Heartbreaker, and few have reached the greatness of that album. It is, however, stronger than its most obvious comparison for length and variety of songs, Gold. With two more albums released in 2005, it was a fine year for Ryan Adams fans.
Really fantastic art and the story was pretty interesting as well. Definitely a good set up for subsequent stories.
This movie blows!How can anybody fine this funny?I Do not recommend this crappy movie!
This book will have you laughing from the beginning to the end. Rosemary Wickum and Gary Albright meet at the local garbage dump. She's collecting for her art work, and he's the owner. He's mad for her, she's wary. Through the intereference of her 14 year old son, Harley, her grandfather, Grandpa Earl, and the townspeople, she finally gives in to the attraction between them. Wonderfully humorous.
I am interested in books that discuss race and identity and so decided to give this book. Danzy Senna created a civil rights era masterpiece that makes you question the construct of race.If for all intensive purposes someone believes someone to be one race and treats them fair and likes them and then they find out that person is another race and then despises them, for what basis should we give them this change of heart?Does the color of one's skin tell you everything you need to know a person. Should a person be perceived first by that color and secondly by their nature? What if they can pass? What if they decide to pass? Are they ashamed of who they are? Or are they just hoping to live a safe life free from persecution due to their race?This book makes you think. What would you do in this situation? The Civil Rights Era was a time where race consciousness came to a head. People fought and bandied together to create equality. People of all races came together with the determination to show that all should be treated the same.It's a lesson that should be remembered today. This book is an excellent novel to use as a dialogue to yourself and those around you about how you define a person!
In Flags of Our Fathers, director Clint Eastwood attempts to deliver a stirring and thought provoking film that honors the sacrifices made by the veterans of World War II, while at the same time fixing a critical gaze on the U.S. government for their exploitation of those vets to promote public support of the war. Kudos to Clint for thinking big, but he seems to have bitten off more than he can chew in this case.The movie shifts back and forth between the bloody battle of Iwo Jima, where we watch young men afraid and dying as they fight for each other more so than their county and, the home front where three soldiers who were part of the iconic flag raising picture travel around the country encouraging people to support the war. The idea that the movie is driving at is that the photo, considered one of the most famous of the 20th century, wasn't what the public thought it was. It was actually a picture of soldiers replacing the initial flag that was planted. The soldiers in the picture never felt that their flag raising act was heroic, but that's how the government wanted it spun in order to keep hope alive among the masses.The movie attempts to portray the conflicted emotions carried by the soldiers as they play the role of heroes even though they know the truth, but none of the characters is developed well enough to make us care about what they are feeling. As for the war scenes, they are well done but they feel like Saving Private Ryan warmed over. There is no immedicacy or fear. Eastwood isn't able to put you there in the thick of things the way Speilberg did.The end result is a movie that often feels muddled and confused and lacks a center. It's a movie about ideas and questions, but it forgets to engage the audience in any real or meaningful way.
So I may be a bit old, but I loved this boook. I'm 32, and it is perfect for age 13 through 25! But older can love too!
Excellent saw. The digital readout is convenient and very accurate to the 1/2 degree. The Hitachi laser is better than any other out there in that it can be used WITHOUT the blade spinning. This allows you to safely line up your work before pulling the trigger. The bevel and angle adjustments are smooth and accurate. The quality of the materials are unmatched. And of course the most important part, the saw is powerful and true.I'm very pleased.
thank god for POA! Katie Holmes is a great actress, but her roles up until this point, have proved otherwise. she's the best thing about all her films, but she never has to do much. in this film, she convincingly portrays a daughter estranged by her family more by their doing than hers. She didnt have to overact in this film to stand out, she stood her ground because she had a solid script to work with. this movie was very well rounded because it has perfect mix of comedy and drama. You really see how hard she's trying, so when things dont go as planned, you really feel for April. I really enjoyed everyone's performances in this film: from the father caught in the middle of everything, to the perfect child Beth, put on a pedastool not on her own, but by her mother. Jimmy the brother, that you're not really sure what to think of. he's just kind of there to make eveyrone's life easier. does what is needed. (including rolling his mothers joint. classic scene) Grandma Dottie suffers from alzeihemiers, but movie alzhemiers. you know the one. the kind that allows her to deliver the perfect one liners at the best time, therefore only allowing her to know what is going on, when necessary.it is a slow film, and you must be willing to emotionally invest a lot, to enjoy it. but all the quirky people in this film make it utterly charming!My only complaint is Katie's lack of attention. she far outshined Patty in this film, and i feel she deserves more credit than she got!
If your a fan of Anime than the things that could be called short comings are probably pretty standard aspects of most romantic series. I personally love nearly every single thing about this series The only thing I dont like about this series is how short it is 12 actual episodes and a bonus much racier 13th Episode.Its a very romantic show I personally recommend it to anyone who is interested in romance and anime. A Must Buy in my opinion.
Just how can this cartoon gangster film ever be compared to the majestic Godfather films? All of its characters are just totally deplorable 1980s style money grabbers with no sense of dignity or style. The whole film is unpleasant to watch, unlike the Godfathers. It's definitely a case of style over substance. There is no resonance in this film. The most dislikable characters ever to hit the screen. A really average and dated film: the 1980s were really that bad...
Solar Pons never seems to get tired of rattling off long deductions based upon the most slender of clues. And Parker is amazed every time! If you like this part of the Holmes canon, you'll love Pons - there is one in just about every story. The pleasure you get reading these is as great as the originals, if not better.Be sure to get the folio edition if you have the recently released New Annotated Sherlock Holmes: Complete Short Stories by L. Klinger. They complement each other nicely on the bookshelf.
I was really impressed with the quality (made in England), functionality, and value of these dishes. They are extremely versatile and could be used for condiments, deserts, fruit, and countless other applications. They beautifully complete the other Spode Blue Italian items. The dishes came in very promptly and were carefully packaged.
I am so glad to have this box set. It's uncensored(Nameks getting their necks snapped and a member of the Ginyu Force's head is sliced off,lots of blood). The original Japanese opening and ending themes are in too. The themes take getting used to if you've watch the American themes for a long time. I'm really happy that Funimation released this season.
This NES game is nothing like the movie. You ride a skateboard through a street and dodge very deadly objects, such as soda cans, bannana peels, kidney beans, etc.. That's it... the whole game is you on a skateboard, a side-scrolling screen, trying to avoid objects being thrown at you. Why are objects flying at you? who the ---- knows????
An absolutely haunting and brilliant story. Your family is who loves you, not whose related to you. Fabulous moral to the story without ever preaching!
I like the idea that we are taken from the present to the past in flashbacks, but the writing was not strong enough to make this literary devise work. The time spent in the present and the time spent in the past went WAY too quickly (usually in 2-10 page increments). Right when I was beginning to warm up to the story, we would switch time frames. To me, this led to uncomfortable reading, not to interest. We are also missing very important parts of the past to be able to enjoy Honoria and James/Diego's relationship in the present. We are halfway through the book when we find out about their relationship, and then only to find out that they knew each other for 4 days. After eight years of being apart, I felt like saying "get on with your lives already, it was a quick 4 day fling!!!!"My next criticism is about the characters themselves. Who exactly is Honoria? A country bluestocking, a passionate woman, or a spoiled brat? At 26 years old, I think our heroine should have been past the temper tantrum stage. She admits to her "spoiledness" and that she and her father spoiled each other, yet how can one be spoiled and self centered (part of the definition of spoiled) and yet so altruistic? She meets weekly with local "causes" to see whom she should give her money to (being that she is a Duke's heir). Her reaction to Derrick was quite believable, yet her reaction to James/Diego was completely illogical. How does she also get herself finagled into a marriage? There were too many conflicting attributes to Honoria to make her character believable or enjoyable to read about.James/Diego was only a little bit better. He at least has the excuse that he thought Honoria was a mere merchant's daughter and married to boot He tried to forget her, truly.... Bah, if he really felt that way it should not have taken 8 years to go after her. How do you form such a strong relationship after 4 days...can we say Helsinki Syndrome on Honoria's side and lust on Diego's? Ah well, enough criticism. I did not care for this book, but those looking for a "light" read may very well enjoy the writing and tone of this book, it just seemed too superficial and illogical to me.
I give the first part of the story a 4 and a zero to the second - in fact, I didn't even finish the book - I simply didn't care what happened to them or the treasure. I enjoyed the first two characters -- Eve and Roarke bore me to tears - or at least, Eve does. I don't like female characters who flaunt the fact that they have bigger (you know whats) than the men in her world -- she's turning Roarke into a whimp! I've read 75% of Robert's books, but I think I'm through with Roberts/Robb - she's done her story formula to death.
1. The Mind Of The Machine (Radio Edit)2. The Mind Of The Machine (New Age Mix)3. The Mind Of The Machine (Stun Gun Mix)4. The Mind Of The Machine (Drum 'n' Handbag Mix)5. The Mind Of The Machine (Full Version)
Let me start off by saying that my two favorite action movies are The Killer and Hard Boiled. Each movie is action packed and are both directed by John Woo. John Woo is one of the greatest directors of all time. He has made three of my favorite action movies, the two I mentioned above and Face/Off(NOT A HOCKEY MOVIE!!!). There is something about those two Hong Kong masterpieces that the American Face/Off just doesn't have. There is a certain kind of style and flare that is aparrent in both The Killer and Hard Boiled that Face/Off just couldn't acheive, although it is an amazing action movie nonetheless. As for which is better, The Killer or Hard Boiled, I can't say. They are both amazing in their own ways.Well about Hard Boiled, it has the most action ever to be seen in one movie. That is not exactly why it is one of my favorite action movies though. The amount of action in a movie does not exactly tell you how good the movie is because of a couple reasons. The first reason is that the action may not be quality action. In this case though it definitely is quality action. Next, their maybe a lot of action, but the story may be so horrible that the film may be ruined by it. However in Hard Boiled the story is good enough to not ruin the movie. The story is not amazing or anything, but it is okay enough and involves a lot of scenes that call for lots of action which makes it watchable. The action scenes are the best part and no one does a good action scene like John Woo. A good example of John Woo's directing and a story that makes the movie almost unwatchable is M:I-2. The problem with the story in that movie was that it didn't involve enough action, but the reason the movie was saved was John Woo made every non-action scene seem more interesting than it actually was. In that movie you can clearly see his directing talents... he even turned a scene where two people were originaly going to be talking into a car chase scene! In M:I-2 though you only see his talents yearning for some action where his true talents are unleashed. This movie is the most action packed movie ever, so John Woo's talents are fully unleashed. There is almost no stunt that cannot be found in Hard Boiled and almost no scene that doesn't involve action. Hard Boiled may very well be the best action movie ever made and is definitely in the top two alongside The Killer, another John Woo acion extraveganza. I must warn people out there looking to buy this movie, if you are buying a VHS of this stay away from the subtitled, the quality of the video is much worse than the dubbed. Plus I personally would rather hear people talking than have to read what they are saying. Overall though if you have a DVD player and do not own The Killer or Hard Boiled I suggest getting the two disc John Woo collection featuring those two movies, since they are, in my opinion, the two best action movies ever made.
My second Kinsale novel after SHADOWHEART (***), Laura Kinsale's novels are always a challenging reading experience, but I thoroughly enjoyed FLOWERS FROM THE STORM. The ending was icing on the cake; in fact, the ending was cherry on top of the icing on the cake. Why are her novels so challenging to read? Well, because Kinsale hits you hard with her own dose of brutal honesty, and the stories aren't rosy, 2-dimensional surfaces, but three-dimensional, very complex, very intense. Written well before SHADOWHEART, I found FLOWERS FROM THE STORM's (1992) prose and settings inferior to SHADOWHEART, but its characterizations and story superior. Have I mentioned I loved the ending in this one yet, epilogue and all?There's many themes and stories in FLOWERS FROM THE STORM, but I find myself drawn to one in particular: the brutal consequences of the lifestyle a blackguard and libertine chooses. A carefree, depraved lifestyle leading to an account of the lowest lows. A lot of regency romances depict a chaste, virgin heroine rescuing a rakehell from a dissolute, worthless life. But I haven't read any which chronicle the consequences of this dissolute lifestyle in quite such a brutal way. More often than not, rosy regency romances sugarcoat the hero's dissolute lifestyle as a prerequisite to his Master of Seduction title, ably deflowering our virgin. In a way, FLOWERS FROM THE STORM is a spin on this same'ole-same'ole storyline: a virgin heroine saving the blackguard hero, but in so many others ways, it's so honest, so brutal: both in the delivery and in the execution, and therein lies this particular story's beauty.For myself, the journey from a blackguard hero's horrible, nightmarish lows to the salvation he discovers from his heroine represents the heart of the novel: flowers from the storm, if you will. Even though the heroine Maddy saves her hero, I thought novel firmly belongs to its hero, the Duke of Jervaulx (pronounced Sher-VO) Christian Langland.FLOWERS FROM THE STORM takes the virginal-heroine routine to its extreme where we have a Quaker heroine from the time period ("Friends") shunning materialism and worldly notions as a result of their puritan, spartan upbringing. The hero, however, is materialistic and licentious to the extreme on the other end of the spectrum. In this way, the characters in this novel represent caricatures, symbols from opposite ends of the spectrum. You really get a true sense that their arduous journey to discover common ground represents no small feat: the entire ordeal very arresting, very resonating.On the downside, I felt the story was very, very slow developing. SHADOWHEART was one firecracker after another while the 533-page FLOWERS FROM THE STORM languishes in places quite a bit, especially the beginning 2-300 pages which feature the blackguard's lowest lows. Still the story wouldn't be the same without this accounting. I also felt the prose and setting were far weaker than Kinsale's more recent SHADOWHEART. Obviously, her writing has evolved but showed promise from the start.Although slow moving overall, the finale was grand once you get there. And very heartwarming. I thought both Jervaulx & Maddy acted honorably and maturely, even with Jervaulx's tricks. Maddy surprised me time and time again during situations and circumstances prime for a cliche regency-romance-heroine run and gun.Anyhow can't say enough how much I really enjoyed this novel. An entertaining and heartwarming take on regency romance to the extreme.
This thing is quick and powerful. I love not having to open all those credit card offer and unfold the pages to feed them through. I actually keep up with the shredding instead of letting it pile up. The only draw back comes when emptying the collection bin. There is always fallout from above that has to be cleaned out. Overall I love this product and would definately buy it again!
Pass this one by. It's just FAR too small and ridiculous to use. To give you an example. I put a antibiotic capsule(small sized). Only 1 capsuleon Each side could only fit and it was still such a tight crammed fit I had to destroy them to get them out. They would not even come out.Not even enough Ibuprofen or Aspirin can be held to make this worth wild. Just a waste.Then there is the issues of the outside case. It is NOT secure at all. It falls apart far too easy making the inside exposed. The outside case was pointless.I really feel like I wasted my money on this even though it was so cheap. I tried to think of other things I could use this for but to be honest.... I can't think of anything. The compartments are just too small for any medication use, it's not secure.If you wanted to store a pair of SMALL ear rings (one ear ring on each side) maybe that would work? Even then it's still unreasonable and just a waste.I had no problem with my service it was just the item was worthless to me or anyone I can imagine who would buy it for it's intended purpose.
I have had this model for about 4-5 years. Before I purchased this I had a 5-quart KitchenAid Artesian mixer that I got for a wedding present in 1992.I have always baked a lot. Especially from fall through spring and the Artesian was great. However, the five-quart model just got to be too small, especially when I had kids. Since I had kids I bake more and found myself doing two to three batches back to back with the Artesian.Now with this model I can double batches of pumpkin bread, cakes or cookies with no problem and be done in less time with less fuss. I thought I would miss the tilting head but I don't.The only thing I did not like about this model were the aluminum blade and dough hook. So I ordered the coated ones for this machine. I always soak my blades and wash them by hand; it would be nice if they made stainless steel versions of these but enough consumers have to make noise to get them to do something.I gave my old Artesian 5-quart to my niece who is single with no kids. She also bakes a lot but in smaller batches than I do and the Artesian is still going strong. It works great and looks like new and her friends are always trying to borrow her mixer. If you don't bake a lot or tend to bake in smaller batches the Artesian is great.This model is a great choice for a high volume home baker like me; great quality, durable and powered to do bigger batches.
Really 4 1/2 stars...This book weaves together history and one man's interesting journey following the historic Nez Perce Trail established during their courageous 1877 retreat towards Montana and then Canada. Stadius carefully studied McWhorter's notes and adds a few interesting details and quotes overlooked by other historians. My only complaints are 1) the editing could have been a little better; and 2) Stadius misstates Crazy Horse's death date by one day too early and wrongly states that an Indian policeman stabbed him with a bayonet. These observations aside, this book was very touching (part history and part human interest) and I highly recommend it.
I have this card, which I bought in early 2003. It's served me fine. However, our wireless access has been updated to current standards using WPA-PSK (Personal) with AES coding (This is the "WPA2" standard.)If you're sure you'll be using the old WEP - or even WPA-PSK with TKIP - I think this will work for you.But if you'll be upgrading to the latest standard, this will be a throw-away - I even called DLink and they said to buy a new card.
Note that when new this book came in a slipcase along with a spiral-bound recipe book. If you can find it with the recipe book intact go for it, but it's not necessary as recipes are also in the book itself. Here's a sample of M.F.K. Fisher's recipe for French onion soup that I've modified to include steps to deepen the flavor learned from Cook's Illustrated or America's Test Kitchen (can't remember which) in which once the onions are reduced you allow a fond to be created over and over up to ten times to add flavor to the onions so they don't get lost in the soup. I'm sure this would be even better with home-made stock, but I've never bothered. It tastes good enough as is here.Keep in mind too that this was written for American cooks in 1968, so, as an example, whereas today we would say baguette, Fisher writes simply French bread, and as you know, in the U.S. this can be a tasteless, airy, boring blob of nothing with completely the wrong texture. She also specifies IMPORTED Swiss cheese, but doesn't tell why (because the U.S. version is full of oils and fillers and will be an oily puddle of mess once melted).All in all, it's a fun read and fun to see the time capsule pictures.Here's my amended recipe from the book:FRENCH ONION SOUP(Soupe &agrave; l'Oignon)Yield: Serves six to eight.SOUP INGREDIENTS4 tablespoons butter2 tablespoons vegetable oil2 pounds onions (about 7 cups), thinly sliced pole to pole (lengthwise, not across)1 teaspoon salt3 tablespoons flour2 quarts beef stock (fresh or canned) or beef and chicken stock combined**I generally use one large 48 ounce Swanson canned chicken broth mixed with two small 14 ounce Swanson canned beef broths.CROTES INGREDIENTS12-16 one-inch thick slices of French bread (a firm baguette, not an airy American-style one you can bend)2 teaspoons olive oil1 garlic clove (halved)1 cup grated IMPORTED Swiss cheese**Such as Emmental or Gruyere, or a combination of Swiss cheese and freshly grated Parmesan cheese. Don't use American "Swiss" cheese, as it's not authentic and will be oily and not produce the desired result when melted.INSTRUCTIONSIn a heavy 4- to 5-quart saucepan or a stock pot, melt the butter with the oil over moderate heat. Note that in order for the onions to reduce and brown properly without burning this absolutely requires a heavy pot such as a stock pot or a Dutch oven by Le Creuset, and not a thin, inexpensive, low-quality pot.)Stir in the onions and one teaspoon salt, and cook uncovered over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the onions are a rich golden brown. This will take some time for all of the liquid to reduce and can be mostly unattended, but once the liquid does reduce, watch the onions carefully and stir them and scrape the bottom of the pan frequently [every couple minutes or so] as they brown to avoid burning.)Repeat this process after scraping the bottom of the pan as many as ten more times (scraping again every couple minutes). This step of letting the sugars caramelize on the bottom of the pan, scraping them, and then repeating the process over and over is what gives the onions greater flavor and makes a noticeable difference in the finished product compared to only doing it once.Once the onions have turned a golden brown, sprinkle the flour over the onions and cook, stirring for two or three more minutes (and, again, you want to make sure you're scraping the bottom of the pan so nothing sticks and you release all that flavor).Remove the pan from the heat and transfer the onions to a bowl and set aside.Once the onions are removed, pour the stock into the pot and bring it to a simmer, then stir the onions into the hot stock.Return the soup to low heat and simmer, partially covered, for another 30 to 40 minutes, occasionally skimming the fat off the top with a wire mesh strainer.Taste for seasoning, and add salt and pepper if desired.WHILE THE SOUP SIMMERS, MAKE THE CROTESNote: This is the classic way of making these slowly to dry them out thoroughly so they won't be soggy once in the soup, but I've found some people (Gus) find them too hard, so I generally just brush with olive oil on each side and put them under the broiler and grill until golden brown, then flip them and repeat (then I let them cool and use a butter knife to scrape away any bits that are overly charred), then rub each one on both sides with a garlic clove (the bread will be like sandpaper to the garlic), and the garlic from the bread seriously adds to the flavor of the finished soup.Preheat the oven to 325.Spread the slices of bread in one layer on a baking sheet and bake for 15 minutes.With a pastry brush, lightly coat both sides of each slice with olive oil; then turn the slices over and bake for another 15 minutes, or until the bread is completely dry and lightly browned.Rub each slice with a halved garlic clove, and set aside. I put them in a Ziploc bag and keep them in the refrigerator. No need to reheat if making more soup the next day, just drop them in the soup and let it warm them.)SERVINGTo serve, place the crotes in a large tureen or individual soup bowls, and ladle the soup over them. Pass the grated cheese separately.VARIATIONTo make onion soup gratin&eacute;e ...Preheat the oven to 375.Ladle the soup into an ovenproof tureen or individual soup bowls.Top with crotes, and spread the grated (or finely chopped) cheese on top.Sprinkle the cheese with a little melted butter or olive oil.Bake for 10 to 20 minutes, or until the cheese has melted, then slide the soup under a hot broiler for a minute or two to brown the top if desired.
I can't describe how happy I was when I found out that Delerium were releasing a new album. I waited with anticipation this release, and bought the album on the morning of June 24th.I had hoped that Bill Leeb would have learned his lesson after listening to the reveiews on his previous album "Poem", which transferred his genre from brethtaking new age to cheesy pop. To my surprise, he did not. The pop stream seems to affect him significantly, and it is 10 times more evident in "Chimera" than in the previous one.Here, you won't hear ANYTHING you would expect from Delerium, nothing resembling their usual style which made them my number 1 new age band. All you get is extremely traditional pop sounds which, for some strange reason, reminded me of the likes of "Atmoic Kitten" and such ridiculous stereotypes. The old songs which are found in "Semantic Spaces" and "Karma" have absolutely no trace here, instead you get sassier versions of the radio-friendly pop drones found on Poem.The album begins with a lovely surprise, the song "Love" had a tiny bit of reflection to "Enchanted" and "Innocente" which both featured ambient music with female vocalists. After that, the album begins to fall down, starting with "After All", the cheesy, shallow single that has no true meaning whatsoever when compared to any of their previous songs. But Wait! you get 2 out of 13 tracks to be instrumental, Delerium style. What's the catch? truth is they were probably done wholly on organ and computer, taking 2 minutes max to develop. The song "Serenity" is probably the most sleepy, non-creative song ever made by Delerium. "Eternal Odyssey" is a good song, but it is nothing more than a remixed hack of William Orbit's "Barber's Adagio for Strings". The 2 cd hoax is nothing, since all you get is an even cheesier song called "stopwatch hearts" which is a flashback to the disco era in the 80's, and a few remixes of even worse songs from Poem. I miss songs like "Metamorphosis" and "Forgotten Worlds". I am not against lyrical music, since I loved songs such as "Silence". The fact remains that this album is not Delerium's, and more importantly is not a new age album. It is downright simple pop music, with a hint of ambience here and there. Anyone who was remotely disappointed with Poem will most likely break this one into pieces. I personally will not buy another Delerium album before I listen to smaples. I can't trust them as I once did.
I bought this book hoping to pick up a little bit of the language that so many of my friends speak.Although it is no substitute for personal instruction, I found this to be quite useful. I learned a few colloquialisms, and the author interjects some interesting culture notes here and there.All in all, I'd say it's work the couple of bucks to pick it up. Recommended.
Season four volume 1 was very nicely done.The color was magnificent sharp and clear.The music of Dominic Frontiere didn't seem to be messed with.What a wonderful addition to anyone's dvd library the complete series now.The Final two episodes is rewarding enough to merit putting time into digesting this series in its entirety.One of the few shows that's has a final episode where the main character lives happily ever after. David Janssen is a joy to watch this talented actor is the reason the series has reached cult status today. God bless ya David we miss ya.IT JUST GOES TO SHOW YOU BOYCOTTING THE SHOW BECAUSE THE MUSIC WAS NOT ORIGINAL DID NOT HURT THE SALES OR FURTHER DVD'S COMING OUT. SORRY THE SHOWS MUSIC WAS NOT ORIGINAL BUT ITS NICE TO HAVE THE PICTURE REMASTERED AND SEE THESE EPISODES FOR THEIR FIRST TIME UNEDITED AND COMMERCIAL FREE.AND THIS COMPLETES MY DVD LIBRARY OF THE FUGITIVE.LOOKS THE THE COMPANY IS NOT GOING THROUGH THE TROUBLE OF PUTTING IN THE ORIGINAL MUSIC CUES THIS IS IT FOLKS I DOUBT ANY OTHER COMPANY WILL PUT THIS SERIES OUT WITH THE ORIGINAL MUSIC OF THE FIRST THREE SEASON.ALL THOSE IDIOTS WHO COMPLAINED ABOUT IT DID NOT CHANGE A THING.OUT OF 8 VOLUMES ONLY ONE WAS REISSUED SO ONE OUT OF EIGHT IS ALL YOU GOT THE REST YOU HAVE TOO TAKE AS IT IS, AND THAT'S THE WAY IT IS LIKE IT OR NOT. MY COLLECTION IS NOW COMPLETE.AT LEAST THOSE IDIOTS WHO TAKE THE MUSIC TOO SERIOUSLY GOT ONE OUT OF 8 VOLUMES CHANGED BUT THAT'S ALL THE COMPANY DID NOT CARE ABOUT THE OTHER SEASONS NOT DONE RIGHT.THE COLOR SEASON WAS DONE RIGHT WITH THE OUTER LIMITS MUSIC BY DOMINIC FRONTIERE INTACT.I DON'T CARE WHAT THOSE IDIOTS HAVE TO SAY ABOUT IT.I don't care what any of you have to say about it the series is done and that's that.THE SERIES IS DONE AND THATS THAT
I wasn't familiar with Zinn before I began reading his book, A People's History of the United States. I didn't realize at the time that he's a leftist. Not that it really matters to me since I tend to agree with a lot of what the left has to say about history and politics. However, it's clear that his writing is biased--that Zinn does have an agenda.I don't care that Zinn has an agenda. Why? Every single historian I've come accross has one, so why can't Zinn? Zinn admits immediately in his forward that A People's History is biased. Does Zinn tend to romanticize radicals? Yes. Certainly he does. Does Zinn give short shrift to the elites in American history? Ya, you betcha. But so what?Here's my question: If you're a conservative (and specifically white, male) who disagrees with Zinn's views on virtually any topic, why bother reading his books? And furthermore, why bother wasting your time writing lengthy reviews of them that few if any will ever see and even fewer will ever care about? Reviewers who trash this book as biased really look a bit hypocritcal considering their own obvious bias against Zinn, the Left, Socialism, academia, etc.--And what's the deal about footnotes? Who cares if Zinn didn't use more of them? Since when have footnotes guaranteed the accuracy of a book? Ann Coulter uses footnotes constantly, and I don't trust her writing at all. People lately seem to confuse the presence of footnotes and/or extensive bibliographies with some kind of authenticity.Furthermore, people angry at Zinn for "glossing over" the excesses of radicals really test my patience when they seem ready and willing to accept histories and historians that "gloss over" 400 years of slavery, murder, and repression on the part of our government and its partner in crime, Big Business.Even worse is the morally bankrupt claim on the part of conservative hacks that the act of hoping for humane and benevolent government--and criticizing governments that fail to live up to our ideals--as "utopian". When have "realists" ever lead the way to real social progress? Is it only me, or do realists seem to be justifying the rule of tyrants? Does might make right? Is that what the Declaration of Independence intended for our people? I thought the Revolutionary War was fought for the ideals of the American people. Maybe, just maybe, the people who fought in that war were fighting for their ideal, their Utopia. ...And then maybe, just maybe, the patriots of that war of ideals were sold out by their leaders when the spoils of war were divided.That, in a nutshell is the grist of Zinn's arguments in a People's History. He's not attacking the values of the Declaration of Independence--the values of freedom, justice and equality. He's attacking what he sees as injustice--what he sees as hypocricy on the part of our leaders and our practice of law. Is that such a radical action? Conservatives do exactly the same thing, only they disagree as to what constitutes injustice.But, I digress. The fact is, this book was not meant as a scholarly work intended for other scholars to read and critique. This is not a peer-review paper. It's a collection of anecdotes from little-heard-of groups in recent American history interspersed with the theories and conjectures of a social activist historian.I can't see how anybody could seriously take issue with a bias which Zinn already admits openly. Do they think no one but them is capable of reading Zinn's writing with a skeptical eye?Pffffft! If you want an establishment account of history, just go down to your local library and check out the 500 odd books they have there that claim objectivity. The fact is, you can find "accepted" histories in every nook and cranny. The landscape is virtually overflowing with conservative accounts of the American revolution and the inherent goodness of the American people and their leaders. But if there are five or six books that pop up in the mainstream press critical of the policies of our government, then conservatives cry like little babies that the public discourse is polluted and that a vast left-wing, elitist conspiracy is out to get them and their little dog too.Boo-hoo to you my GOP friends.For the rest of you, if you couldn't already tell, I really like this book. However, I didn't like the tone of the last couple of chapters. They began to read like a religious tract. But, if you're looking for a cataloging of radical, idealistic, and often *gasp* socialist thought throughout the history of the U.S., this is a wonderful book from which to start.If you're the type looking for "objective" history, go spank your monkey to Gibbon or something.Happy Holidays y'all.
I was one of the few people who actually saw this in a theatre. One of the most pleasant surprizes I've had, it's rare to walk into a movie that completely exceeds you expectations. If you haven't seen this before, you would do yourself a favor by NOT trying to find out much about the plot before you go in. You only need to know that 1)There's some gratuitous nudity, 2)It is more complex than it appears to be, and 3)Bill Murray will once again steal a movie with only a handful of lines.The "Unrated version" didn't have a whole lot of extra skin, (undercutting the main marketing point for this release). However it did integrate several additional scenes that were available as "extras" in the original edition. It's nice to have them weaved into the movie rather than hunting them down after the fact trying to think of how they'd fit in. My favorite is the post legal battle lunch between Bill Murray and Robert Wagner; great lines, fun situation, and played perfectly.Wildthings stands up pretty well to repeated viewings, I've watched my old copy probably twice a year since I bought it. It is a modern tight, complex thriller that doesn't have a dopey sticking point or obvious logic gap in how it fits together. How many times have you watched the latest and greatest hollywood thriller only to find some incredibly huge plot hole that renders the entire movie a waste of your time? Wild Things actually delivers, in my opinion setting a standard for being one the best of this type of movie (and certainly the best in the last 10 years or so). Some of the acting gets a little wooden, but it's more than compensated for by the rapidly unfolding and novel plot.Hitchcockian with tan boobs would be the short review. If you haven't purchased the original edition, then get this one instead. I own both, and have no regrets on either.
I began this book with my five year old the summer before she started kindergarten. We were able to do a lesson a day until school began, and then, it was a few times a week. At first, I thought the lessons were a bit ridiculous and maybe a waste of both our time, but then, wow! My daughter began figuring things out, putting sounds together and reading small words. Now we're on lesson 55 and she's reading paragraphs and her kindergarten reading lessons are a breeze. This book not only helps them learn to read but how to write the letters correctly and how to comprehend what they are reading. As another reviewer mentioned, the lessons get longer and more tedious the further in, but this is more for me than for my daughter, who is enjoying the challenge (and the mommy, me time). There is also several pages of instructions for the parent at the beginning of the book you have to wade through, and though it's boring, don't skip it. This book was highly recommended to me by several people and now I highly recommend it also!
for those who are tired of wearing navy blue or black nailpolish, this is the perfect alternative choice. Sure it looks kind of black, but so does the navy. It has defintely a green color in it, so I would really not call it black, but "navy green"!
Interesting characters in an interesting concept. The acting and writing improves over the course of the season. The Robin Hood character just never gets old.
According to product manual, "yellow" mark means "real money", and that what it shows for all the bills I tested. Great for the money.
My early 80's KitchenAid dishwasher may not be too energy efficient anymore but it still does a good job so I decided to keep it running and try this product out. It's been over two years now since I "refurbished" the tips on the rack and everything is holding up. It's really easy to install, just make sure you don't breathe too much of the solvent.
I really cannot stand nu-metal anymore because I finally reached a point where all of the bands truly begin to sound the same. So I sold about 100 of my cds that all fell in the nu-metal category, this was one of the only exceptions.Yes, I too thought "Mr.Deadman" was a little like PM5K the first time I heard it. Good song, but not enough to make me buy the album. I then heard South Texas Deathride on a cd sampler and it certainly wetted my appetite. So I bought the album. Wow.THERE IS NOT A SINGLE SONG THAT SOUNDS THE SAME ON THE ENTIRE CD. This is quite a feat today given the talent of most nu-metal bands. AIC (that's Alice in Chains for all the youngin's who are looking for the next Limp Bizkit) came to mind on a few tracks (Killing the Fly, Revolution Man, Natural High, Until You Crack). A real garage punk sound for a track (Friend Song), industrial metal (Bitter) and plain old rock (South Texas Death Ride, Drivel, Tip with Jesus). All of these sounds are seemingly thrown into a blender and then spit out as the powerful debut that you should be buying right now. Extremely high replay value.
STORY-You play as Squall Leonhart, who is part of an elite military faction known as SeeD. SeeD members work for those who they are contracted to in order to collect funds. Squall is attempting to pass his SeeD exam with careful guidance from his instructor Quistis Trepe. He meets several other students along the way, some of which are Zell Dincht (a lively martial artist) and Selphie Tilmitt (a cheerful nunchaku-wielding girl). Squall's ultimate rival, Seifer Almasy, accompanies them on the exam as well. After passing, Squall is assigned to work with a rebel group whose leader is Rinoa Heartilly, a beautiful and bright young woman. What starts as an average mission turns into a complicated and tangled web of love and deceit as Squall begins to question his values and the values of SeeD.BATTLE SYSTEM-As with previous Final Fantasy titles, fights are turn-based. Random encounters will occur as you walk around the world map. Each character on screen will be allowed a move every few seconds (including your enemies) making for fast-paced and enjoyable battles. During these battles, allies can choose from several different options. The basic function is Attack, which allows you to strike the opponent to inflict damage. Another option is Magic, which enables you to cast either offensive or curative spells. Draw is a somewhat unique feature. In Final Fantasy VIII, magic spells are not gained through leveling up or any other such process. Magic can be `drawn' from enemies and stocked like items. The number of spells you have will decrease by 1 with each use. GF is also a useful command. FFVIII features GFs, or Guardian Forces, which can be summoned at any time in battle. They deal massive (usually elemental) damage to enemies and carry their own health bars. GFs level up through gaining AP at the end of a battle, and new abilities can be attached to your characters through the junctioning of GFs. The allies in your party each have their own unique abilities and weapons that can be upgraded and changed throughout the course of the game. The job system from previous games is virtually nonexistent, but each character has their own attributes which make up for the absence of the class system. After battle, characters will gain a certain amount of experience that allows them to gain levels. The battle system hasn't been changed enough to be unfamiliar to older players, but allows new FF fans to pick the system up easily. After a while, battles will become a test of strategy rather than pure strength, and even grinding is fairly enjoyable with enough varied options.GAMEPLAY-To be honest, there isn't much gameplay outside of the constant battles. While Squall is wandering around the world map, he will be periodically attacked by various monsters, making for slow progress while traveling on foot. In towns and dungeons, you may move from one area to another simply by reaching the end of the screen. Whenever this occurs, however, the screen must slowly fade out and then in again, which may annoy more impatient players. Another thing which bothered me while walking around cities was the complete absence of any map screen. I found this irritating to deal with, especially when exploring more expansive locales such as Deling City. The towns, however, only serve as rest stops before larger and more epic fights. FFVIII is basically a string of encounters laced together with a giant world map to traverse and a rich plot to unravel. There are many vehicles that can be acquired or rented to make your way across said map, including cars, trains, boats, and the ever-present airship. As with many other Final Fantasy titles, jumping is nonexistent unless you are so prompted to do so. Despite the fact that the world map lacks much in the way of sightseeing, it does its job of providing the player with the feeling that they are traveling through a land larger than expected. I don't have any qualms with the controls, as they are basically limited to rotating the analog stick and pressing `x'. As with almost every other Final Fantasy game, there are a number of sidequests to complete as well as a strangely addictive card game by the name of Triple Triad. There are an amazing amount of regional rules to consider when playing, ranging from reasonable to extremely frustrating (such as the ridiculous `random' rule). The gameplay satisfies and the cutscenes are, to say the least, beautiful. It's good, old-fashioned RPG excellence.VISUALS, CHARACTERS and CHARM-Those of you who are used to being spoiled by more recent RPGs such as Kingdom Hearts or Persona 3 won't find much eye candy here. The cutscenes, as mentioned before, are obviously impressive, but the rest of the game fails to deliver. In-game graphics are decidedly less detailed. As this was Square's first adventurous leap into character models that looked realistic, I'm willing to forgive a few of their more obvious flaws. To be honest, the characters are just...ugly. I can find no other word to describe them. From a distance, they're indistinct blobs, and when viewed up close, they don't appear to have much detail on their clothing or their faces. I can accept this to a certain extent, but I've noticed that the backgrounds themselves are usually much more appealing than Squall himself. The settings appear to be well designed and the environments are interesting. Yet, there's something distinctly wrong with piloting a mass of pixels around landscapes which, quite frankly, make me feel as though they deserve something better. On the other hand, character dialogue is well-written and there is significant development of Squall's personality throughout the game, as well as changes in character relationships.OVERALL-I'll admit, I have a soft spot for Final Fantasy VIII, since it happened to be the first one of the series I've picked up. Since then I've played a multitude of RPGs, each with their own merits and flaws. But when all is said and done, the simplicity and familiarity of FFVIII gets me every time. If you enjoy beautiful cutscenes, well-characterized party members and expansive world maps, pick this one up.
Willie Rosario is one of the great Salsa musicians of the 20th Century. He is an all-around entertainer, who caters to different audiences with ease. This album has some of his best and well-known songs. I highly recommend this album.
The whole free shipping is a lie. I ended up paying $15 for a brush that's not worth more than $6.It's an ok brush, but the bristles keep falling off.
I actually have a four GB one of these, and I love it. With a boosteraroo to boost the audio these are just great, and you can fit hundreds of songs on them. They also offer the flexibility of being user friendly. You can just pop out the battery yourself for replacement. You can also record directly from the FM radio, from the voice recorder, or plug it into your USB port for information storage. I only wish it came in either pink or camo.
that there will no longer be another Mark Manning mystery. Especially so, since the author never did say what happened to the house that Neil Waite designed. I mean, the house became almost like a character in the novel and I was hoping I would find out its final fate.Oh, yes, enjoyed the jacket photograph of the hunk although what connection it has to do with the story itself is a puzzlement. Maybe to boost sales?
This is an excellent resource. I've been to Oahu once in 2008 and used my brother-in-law's copy of this book before we went, and just purchased my own last week for a trip in October. Having an idea of what was around before we went helped tremendously, and having it again now that I am familiar with the area makes it even better.Oahu has so much to do, it almost gives you a headache trying to decide in the time you have there. "Oahu Revealed" takes the guesswork out of looking through the myriad of websites and other books trying to piece it all together. It is a one-stop shop of what to do, what to see, where to go, and good directions for everything you need.
Simply wonderful stuff, this.Being such a fan, an objective review is probably out of the question.Indulge yourself if you are interested in this era, and the wonderful musicians that abounded.It, as with its early sister albums, combines classical themes from all the arts, and is an absolute 'must buy'This band were amongst the pioneers, if not the leading light in their genre.Do yourself a favour and explore the inspired genius that was, Genesis.
Quite simply, Guzzo has written a masterpiece capturing, in eye-opening detail, the complete history and progression of the venerable Strat-O-Matic family of sports board games. Not only does this book lay out, with great relish, how this game company grew from nothing in 1961 to competing with and fighting off challenges from big dudes like Sports Illustrated, EA Games, et al, during the past 30 years.This book doesn't just mechanically spit out dates, etc. but rather it delves into the very personal reasons *why* Hal Richman started this fine company. I found myself cheering for Hal while reading of each of his struggles and roadblocks encountered in trying to get this company off the ground in the beginning, and also really feeling for the man and realizing that this game is indeed a part of him and not just a product that he is marketing & selling for $$$.The book also goes over a lengthy treatise on current and past fans of Strat-O-Matic and really does a fine job of capturing the passion that all Strat gamers feel in their very guts when they play this game. There are tributes to infamous current and past Strat players (Chris Rosen, Tom Swank, etc.)If you love Strat, or have played it at one time in your life, you need to own this book. I'm serious. If you've played any kind of sports simulation in your life, you still need to own this book.Bravo, Glenn, bravo.
This movie is totally not funny!terribly lame movie.Warning:Do not rent this movie or buy it!
This is an excellent tape if time is not a luxury yet you want a lovely midsection. Three ten minute sessions works every part of the muscle on your middle. I would have liked to have a warm up at the beginning on each section; it is such a pain to have to rewind the tape to warm up (if you are so inclined). Tammy lee's cuing is great and she doesn't have an annoying condescing tone in her voice that usually accompinies most instructors. This is worth the buy.
My home was about 20 years old and had five pocket doors. The standard (cheap) pocket door hardware can easily bind up, especially after it jumps the track and damages the track in the process. The biggest problem in a pocket door retrofit application is removing the old track and replacing it with a new track because it is almost impossible to reach into the door opening to remove all of the old track attachement screws and then attach the new track with new mounting holes. I solved this problem by cutting a retangular access hole in the drywall near the end of the track where I couldn't otherwise reach. I chose to cut on the side of the door that would need the least amount of repair and repair expertise or otherwise would show any repair imperfections the least. In two rooms, there was wallpaper so after I patched the wall, I simply applied a new strip of wallpaper for an invisible repair. In another room, that I was completely renovating, I had the patch and the rest of the drywall textured (by a professional who knew how to do a good job.) Another patch was behind the kitchen refrigerator and completely hidden by kitchen cabinetry. I could have also chosen to cut the wall in a closet that backed up to this door. As noted by another, this hardware cannot jump the track and the doors operate very smoothly. It is easy to adjuse the roller mechanisms to square up the door with the door frame. One should expect that the door molding will have to be removed and replaced on both sides of the door to both remove the old door and track and to install or replace the door. I replaced the old, beat up, molding at the same time which really looked nice. While I was there, I replaced the DOOR as well. The old ones were the smooth-sided brown mahogany type. New, 6 panel, doors are cheap and readily available at your local big box hardware store and really update an older home. I also purchased new sliding door locking hardware. The end result looks great and works great. I'm looking at this hardware again for a garage application. I'd like to hang a tool holding pegboard, about 2' x 4', from this track. The track would be mounted in front of some shelves with the track allowing me to move the pegboard out of the way if I needed access to the shelves behind. Perhaps this is overkill, but when you're trying have a complete workshop in a two-car garage, space is at a premium. Good quality, good price, and works great!
How can Christians remain tethered to this blasphemous religion of Masonry? On page 84 Jim Shaw writes; " Albert Mackey wrote (in the Masonic Ritualist), "Thus the trestleboard (blueprint for life) of the Jew is the Old Testament, of the Mohammedan the Koran; the Veda Scriptures of Hinduism and the writings of Baha-ullah are just as good as the Word of the Christians' God, for the fact is that all religions are never as good as the pure teachings of Freemasonry."Masonry teaches that Jesus is no greater than the other "exemplars" of history (such as Mohammed, Buddah, Aristotle, or Joseph Smith). Page 9433-degree Jim Shaw walked away from Freemasonry one day, after participating in a a Mason Maudy Thursday "black communion" ceremony in his Scottish Rites Temple in Florida. Participants of this ceremony are required to refer to Jesus as an "apostle of mankind who was neither inspired or divine". They then proceed to mock Jesus further by enacting a strange "black communion" ceremony. Pages 105-107See more of this book's Excerpts here: http://www.conspiracyarchive.com/NWO/33rd_Initiation.htmAnother great book I highly recommend by another ex-Mason is "Masonry Beyond the Light". In his book Masonry "Beyond the Light", William Schnoebelen (now a saved Christian) talks about his experiences as first a Satanist and then a Mason who passed through nearly all the Mason Degrees, including some that American Masons are unaware of; such as degrees in Masonry like the Egyptian rites of Masonry and the Paladin. During his initiation into Palladium Masonry William sadly admits to standing with Masons, some who were also satanists and chanting; "Glory and Love for Lucifer! Hatred! Hatred! Hatred! to God accursed! accursed! accursed!". He says that hashish provides some of their "illumination", taking after the 1st "Illuminati" 18th century Mason Adam Weishaupt.Learn more about Freemasonry at: http://bibleprobe.com/freemasonry.htm
Our church choir sang this cantata about 10-12 years ago. In my opinion, it was one of the best contemporary Christmas cantatas our church has ever done. I still enjoy listening to it while following along with the music - and what a joy to be able to find the sheet music on Amazon.com!The music is beautiful and very singable, and the meaningful narration is interwoven within the music. There is a lot of variety in musical styles - the Jewish feel of "Emmanuel's Light," the jazz feel of "The Open Arms of Christmas," the gospel feel of "Joy to the World/Go Tell It on the Mountain," the beautiful title track and the beloved praise song "Come, Now is the Time to Worship."I especially appreciated that most of the movements in the cantata were written for full choir, and that only one movement was a solo with the choir relegated to a background chorus.The creators of this musical highly encourage the choir and church to be as creative as possible with the cantata - there are places where costumers (and even choreography) could be used - and if you choose to sing it with just the choir, narration and accompaniment, that works well, too!I would highly recommend this for any church choir - and (if you can find it) would also highly recommend getting the accompanying CD!
I'm a die-hard Agatha Christie Fan and am at this time reading her Miss Marple books. I was thrilled to see that PBS was releasing a new Miss Marple series, and I watched each segment. However, I could find very little of Christie's taut plots, fully dimensional characters and wonderful endings in any of these. The Scripts are so confusing with many characters changed, some left out and even time-lines different. The dialogue is appalling. A constant flow of recognizable older British actors should have guaranteed some quality, but their abilities were completely overtaken with one-dimensional characterizations. There's no intelligence here. Did any Christie "fan" note that Miss Marple never appeared in "By the Pricking of My Thumbs" or "The Sittaford Mystery"? How do the writers handle this?? Just plop Miss Marple in, change the plot and give her the lines originally made for another character. I have the biggest problem with "The Sittaford Mystery." It's absolutely grotesque. Back lighted in tasteless, psychadelic reds and greens the sets look like a bad acid trip. Then they tilt the camera angles to really make you nauseous (if you weren't already). Geraldine McEwan probably could have made a good Miss Marple because she is a good actress. But like all others here, she can't rise above the dreadful scripts and direction. They have her twittering, crinkling her eyes, and acting so silly that there's no way you can believe that this Miss Marple could find her way to the loo, very much figure out the murder. So why call it Agatha Christie's Miss Marple if you change the plots, characters, and settings? Ah....that's the real mystery!! But of course it doesn't take a brain at all to realize it's for the money. Oh well. It's all a matter of taste. I can tell you one thing for sure. I won't waste my money on this disappointing mess.
A little while ago this whole show was broadcast in two instalments on Dutch TV and because we had really nothing better to do, the trouble and I decided to sit it out. From a purely technical point of view it was a good production. The orchestra looked attractive and involved, the surroundings were great and his hirsuteness himself was at his charming best. Technically, the music was well performed too, no missed notes, no clinkers, the orchestra the epitome of professionalism. But both 'er indoors and me felt as if we had heard and seen this programme, with only very slight variations, many times before. What's more, we seriously felt that, although the music was well played, there was something lacking. The music lacked all substance, it was all outward appearance. It reminded me of a well crafted chair, buffed to a wonderful shine, but extremely uncomfortable to sit in.Is the endless repetition of Strauss' (and like composers) waltzes and polkas and the so called "real" sentiment (heavily underlined by Herr Rieu's mien at its most sympathetic) of the odd tearjerker and the old fashioned vapidness of the humour (the sight of two Teutonic looking acrobats hitting the anvil with fake hammers made us cringe with embarrassment) really what we are supposed to regard as the pinnacle of entertainment? It's inoffensive at best, but not really deserving of the almost hysterical praise that has befallen Herr Rieu and his product. I do not begrudge him his commercial success, on the contrary, I rather admire the way he manages to sell something that no one really needs, but neither as entertainment nor as music does it hold any appeal for me. When you are looking for some serious good classical music, turn to the long established orchestras and maestros (they play a mean Strauss too, much, much better than he of the careful hairdo would ever manage). If you're looking for bland entertainment (but good looks), turn to Rieu and his band of merry musikmakers.
This ambitious attempt to film the Shakespearean fantasy has much to recommend it, but in the end falters on the rocks of its own lack of imagination. Director Michael Hoffman starts out promisingly, showing an interesting society of fairies living in the enchanted woods and depicting Puck riding around on a giant snail. But Robin Goodfellow quickly changes in his snail for a bicycle, and the film soon becomes as mundane as the sprightly elf's choice of transportation.The performances are a frustrating mixed bag. Anna Friel's sexy and vulnerable Hermia is the undeniable standout in the cast, projecting such depth and humanity in a role that few actresses make much impact in that her depiction approaches the overused Shakespearean mantle of "definitive." Impressive turns are also offered by Roger Rees as a browbeaten Peter Quince, Bill Irwin as a surprisingly moving Snug, and Calista Flockhardt - who is well-cast and effective as Helena, although her whiney characterization is so reminiscent of her TV turn as Ally MacBeal that it was difficult for this viewer to suspend my disbelief to the point where I could fully accept her in the role.Coming off less well are David Strathairn, who gives such a low-key and flavorless performance as Theseus that the viewer wonders if he was told that the cameras were on when he was playing his scenes; Rupert Everett who offers little more than a stiff line recitation as Oberon; and Stanley Tucci as Puck, who was a victim of director Hoffman's inability to use any cinematic magic to make the character come off as anything approaching fairylike.Special mention should be made to the producer's casting coups of Kevin Kline and Michelle Pfeiffer. Kline, of course, is widely regarded as the finest American Shakespearean actor of his generation and his reputation as a farceur makes his casting as Bottom seem inspired. But Kline not only offers a disappointingly lifeless characterization, but Hoffman made a fatal error in trying to "flesh out" the part by making him a hen-pecked husband who is constantly trying to avoid a shrewish wife that was never anything Shakespeare imagined: indeed Hoffman quarantines her from the other characters by writing her dialogue in Italian, a clumsy device that only serves to make the aberration seem like even more of a sore thumb.But unquestionably the low point of the film is the incompetent performance of Pfeiffer as Titania. Her delivery of the Shakespearian dialogue is so unconvincing that she comes off as a performer in a high school play. It's time that producers realized that casting "movie names" like Pfeiffer, Keanu Reeves, Ethan Hawke and Jack Lemmon in classical roles that they are ill-equipped to play may help them raise the budgets for their projects, but it ultimately sinks the artistic aspirations of the endeavor.But for all its faults, this "Midsummer" is almost redeemed by a magnificent rendering of the "Pyramus and Thisby" play-within-a-play in Act V. This is actor-proof material, to be sure; but the players depicting the Mechanicals as well as the Lovers supporting them in the audience do a miraculous job of playing the scene for both its farcical elements and for the very dramatic moments that lie just beneath the text. If the entire film had been played at this level, it might have been one of the great masterpieces of Shakespeare on film; but as it is, it is little more than patchwork.
Parenting means to prepare a child for life, to nurture, to love, to guide, to teach.Discipline is loving guidance, not corporal punishment, where the child in a demeaning and destructive way wrongly learns that violence is a form of acceptable communication and guidance, by parents. There are no benefits to hit a child - It is destructive for a child's self worth, self esteem, and demeaning and disrespectful. Children have feelings and emotions as adults. It is extremely unfair and disgraceful of parents to misuse their power on weaker people - our children - who are defenseless and who don't have their own voice. Your child will be confused and think "Why is my mother and father whom I love and trust inflicting pain on me?" Hitting a child, will separate the bond between parents and a child, and will only make the child fearful of their parents. In addition, hitting a child won't teach and guide a child towards better behavior in a constructive and communicative way. By slapping someone, what do you learn? Nothing - only that it is okay to be antisocial and misbehave and to be violent. Parents who hit their children are THE ONE'S misbehaving. They are no good role models. These parents need parenting classes and therapy as they are victims of abuse themselves. These parents are out of control and out of knowledge.Think of the Golden rule: Treat other people, yes children are people too, as you with to be treated yourself, with respect, love and kindness. Children are children: They need a safe place to explore their boundaries and to test their parents' love, where parents act as wise, patient, and loving parents- as parents. Why spank a child whose brains are not yet fully developed? Children don't know right from wrong - It is our job to guide and teach them, not punish them. Christians should know better that "spare the rod, spoil the child" from Proverbs in Old Testament is not current any longer. Remember- With Jesus comes a better way, a New Law: The New Testament. Jesus does not spank the children. Jesus says "Let the children come to me". Jesus loves the little children. My fundamental questions are: Why do these parents give birth to children in the world if they can't raise children and love children? Where is the human intelligence here? These dysfunctional parents have grave limitations when it comes to parenting children, as they have not healed from their wounded past and subconsciousness. Their only driving force is to let the child take away their own pain from abuse, by forcing them to pay the price for their own pain, and force the child know how it feels like to be abused.Better books on child discipline:"The Natural Child" by Jan Hunt"Parenting for a peaceful world" by Robin Grille"Parenting from your heart" by Inbal Kashtan"The Happiest Baby on the block" by Dr. Harvey Karp"The Happiest Toddler on the Block" by Dr. Harvey Karp"The Discipline Book" by William and Martha Sears"The Case Against Spanking: How to Discipline Your Child Without Hitting"by Irwin A. Hyman"The Irreducible Needs of Children" by T. Berry Brazelton, MD, and Stanley I. Greenspan, MD."When your child drives you crazy" by Eda LeShan"Loving your child is not enough" by Nancy Samalin"Christian Parenting & Child Care: A Medical & Moral Guide to Raising Happy, Healthy Children." By William and Martha Sears
I've never heard of the guy before he featured on Kanye's "Touch the Sky" (song not the mixtape). I never listened to his style before, but now after "Food and Liquer" I'm addicted. Lupe is fresh and cunning with every song and uses good production to his advantage. Don't expect guns and drugs, this is political and deep. Songs address social issues instead of personal beefs. Lupe had hype for being different and he did not dissapoint. Hip-Hop needs this to counterbalance the heavy abundance of trap, snap, and gansta muzik. even though the aforementioned is good muzik, sometimes I just need variety. Lupe has done more than provide variety though, he's the real deal. I just hope record labels don't pressure him to switch up the style if he suffers from sagging sells.
Mark Hoppus, Tom Delonge, and Travis Barker are back once more to to dominate the airwaves and Billboard charts as the undisputed kings of pop punk. This time, rather than just reiterating the speedy, riff driven melodies and vulgar humor of 1999's 'Enema of the State' and 2001's 'Take Off Your Pants...'the trio has taken elements from all of thier past albums and reconstituted them into a versatile and surprisingly mature new sound. The transition in sound between Blink 182's new disc and their most recent release is remarkably smooth and natural. The group's latest album echoes integrity and creativity, as demonstrated by the use of a wide array of recording equipment and creative production methods: among the gear used to record the album are 1950s era microphones , a Roland synth bass and strangley enough, a shower. The record's biggest surprise, however is the song 'All Of This' in wich the band collaborates with Robert Smith of The cure (too bad this amazing song will go unappreciated by many Blink fans too young to remember or care about the incredible 80s rock group). The overall mood of the album is a somber one, most evident in songs like 'Obvious' and 'Stockholm Syndrome', perfectly complimenting the disc's fall release. The album has its upbeat moments as well, clearly recognizable in the single 'Feeling This' and the jazzy acoustic ditty 'I Miss You'. One of my favorite songs on the record is 'The Fallen Interlude' which begins sounding like an instrumental hip hop song, and leads into an impressive drum solo. When it all comes to it, Blink 182 is a surprisingly original breath of fresh air. To all the indie punk purists who say Blink 182 are killing punk rock, I say this: don't hate it 'till you've heard it.
Oh, Elizabeth, you've outdone yourself this time! This book is so heartfelt, profound, and lovely that I hated for it to end. Although I've been a fan for years, to me Pull of the Moon set a bar whose level Berg has never quite reached since. The Year of Pleasures changes that opinion, and in fact I think it functions very well as a companion piece to that earlier book. I hope that Ms. Berg will consider revisiting this set of characters, as I would love to see where life takes them next.
If the idea of real crippled guys performing kung fu on bad guys is your idea of excellence in film, you must possess this movie. Definitely not the stereorypical hero film, nor is it for the exceedingly weak-hearted. As in, if your heart is too weak to watch the nightly news, then avoid this. Otherwise, it is your moral duty to own this movie.
I enjoyed this story of a community that comes together because of the act of one little girl. The book celebrates the ability of a group to work with our strentghs to fill in the weaknesses of others. Also, it illustrates how people approach situations differently and bring new ideas and new approaches to others. I teach sixth grade and plan to use the book with my classes this school year in an effor to help celebrate diversity.
This is my choice pan when I am cooking on the stove, lots of room in it to avoid making a mess. The Calphalon commercial and professional pots and pans are deffinately not "non-stick" and since they are what make up my collection of my pots and pans they are a bit hard to clean up if you dont take extra care, so that is why I always use this casserole for everything putting it in a place all by itself. I belief you can get this pan in non-stick, I use a brillo pad and after a month or so it started to show the aluminum underneath . As far as cooking I use it for lots of frozen bags of veggies over the stove, reducing, meats, ect.
ALERT: DISREGARD ALL OTHER REVIEWS FOR THIS MOTION PICTURE. "WHEN TIME RAN OUT" IS A CINEMATIC MASTERPIECE BY THE MAESTRO OF MAYHEM, IRWIN ALLEN. NO CONTRADICTORY OR DISPUTATIOUS COMMENTARY SHALL BE TOLERATED. CRITICS AND OPPONENTS WILL BE ERADICATED BY ALLEN'S WHIMSICAL DEVICES OF DISASTER, BE IT TORNADO, HURRICANE, TIDAL WAVE, BEES, OR KILLER HIPPIES. I LIKE HOW WILLIAM HOLDEN AND PAUL NEWMAN LIVED THROUGH THIS MOVIE, AS THEY DID IN "THE TOWERING INFERNO". I ALSO LIKE THAT RED BUTTONS AND ERNEST BORGNINE SURVIVE, AS THEY DID IN "THE POSEIDON ADVENTURE" AND VERONICA HAMEL GETS PULVERIZED (HAHA!! THANK THE HEAVENS THAT HILL STREET BLUES RESURRECTED HER TARNISHED CAREER) IN THIS FILM AS SHE ALSO MEETS A GRISLY FATE IN "BEYOND THE POSEIDON ADVENTURE". THERE OUGHT TO BE A CABLE CHANNEL DEVOTED SOLELY TO DISASTER FLICKS BECAUSE QUITE FRANKLY, AND PUN INTENDED, THEY ARE THE ONLY REASON FOR LIVING!!
Do not buy it:1. This ad was misleading because this picture of polaroid 600 film item did not match what I ordered.2. I think that description of item was not enough accuracay beause expiration date.3. This is suck.
I can't tell you how angry I am with Paramount. I have been waiting for the original episodes of ren and stimpy since I purchased a dvd player. Finally a set which is supposed to be UNCUT (it says so right on the box), is really nothing more then the SPIKE TV versions of the show. Its a sad, sad day for Ren and Stimpy fans. Sure something is better then nothing, and the extras are very good, but this blatant false advertising is unacceptable. I will continue to wait for the true classics to be released one day, at this point I don't know if that will ever happen. Sigh. The MOTLOS forums weep. 10/6/04 Edit: I may have been over-reacting a bit when I first wrote this. This is still a great set despite the cuts, if anything the cuts are just upsetting for Die-hard fans. This set still contains hours of one of the best cartoons of all time, and is highly recommended to any fan of animation. Long live John K!!
this printer is great! it churns out crisp pages quickly, and the graphics are actually very nice. text is fantastic, and so far it is compatible with all the fonts i've used. i've not run into memory problems yet, but i've been conservative on placing images in my documents -- i can't speak for the machine's publishing quality, but i assume it is not meant to be used for this task. if you want a good printer that works efficiently and you have a limited budget, i would definitely suggest using this printer. be warned that it does not come with a cable to connect to your computer. great b/w printer
I am a lifelong, avid Sci-fi fan. I read all these reviews saying that this was some sort of cult classic, not true. Sadly those reviews must be from those that never watch anything BUT Sci-fi.The movie was horrible, the story was scattered.Not well done in any shape or form.
What a flick? Great acting! Stunning story line. As good as the book, which in my opinion is in a class of its own. Quite possibly one of the finest war films i have seen! I hope it comes out on DVD
I use traditional carbon steel Japanese knives for cooking, as the hard C-Mo steel used in the edge holds a much narrower (sharper) angle than your typical stainless steel knives. This means that a traditional carbon steel knife is unparalleled when it comes to achieving and holding a sharp edge, feeling more like food prep razors than kitchen knives, but you have to take care to constantly wipe them and leave them completely dry or they will rust.As it turns out, Shun can achieve practically the same performance with a stain-resisting steel. This knife has the advantages of both western and traditional Japanese manufacturing: sharp edge and stain resisting materials.Pros:- Sharp, sharp, sharp. Will achieve and, given proper care, maintain a sharper edge than any western knife I have gotten my hands on (Victorinox, Whustoff, ect.)- Beautiful to look at, comfortable to use with its D-shaped handle- Comes with a practical blade sheath, so it can be safely stored in a drawer.Cons:- Made for right-handed users (as Japanese knives for left-handed users are usually made to order). Left-handed use might be a bit awkward.- Expensive. For the price you can buy a traditional Japanese knife (which I still prefer)- This type of knife requires special care. Stropping should be done on a smooth steel or s leather strop (not textured steel, ceramics or diamond-coated). Honing (sharpening) should be done by someone with experience, using whetstones or waterstones. IF YOU CLANK THIS ON AN ELECTRIC SHARPENER, OR USE ONE OF THOSE EASY NO-SKILL SHARPENERS YOU WILL RUIN THE EDGE OF THIS BLADE. I cannot be emphatic enough about this. Those instant or easy sharpeners have a wider preset bevel angle which is designed for softer steels than those used in this blade. They will reduce the performance of this knife to that of a $30 German steel blade.- Also, hard steel is also brittle steel. You will have to learn proper "manners" when handling this knife or it will chip or dull quickly. No dropping carelessly, no sideways scraping with the blade edge, no brute force and always use a proper cutting board. Again, this is a BMW of a knife and should be treated as such.If you do not have the skills and equipment to take care of this blade, please do yourself a favor and (every few months) have sent to a professional Japanese knife sharpening service.
Since this is one of my favorite movies and I like everything about it, I don't really know where to begin...It's *very* leisurely based upon the novel by Fenimore Cooper, but don't look for the same plot or the same character build, because it's different. And please look for the plot in another review, I'm not going to describe it again :).Three things make this film great:1. The acting; I loved each and every one of the actors, they created their characters beautifully. I especially loved Madeleine Stowe, she was perfect for the role with her apparent fragility concealing inner strength and delicate beauty. Daniel Day-Lewis was also great, very masculine and strong without being handsome in the classic way.2. The landscapes. Except for Seven Years In Tibet I don't think I have ever seen such magnificent scenery in a movie, grandiose, breathtaking: mountains, rivers, waterfalls, forests. Sadly this is best seen in cinema (and I did watch the movie on the big screen no less than 4 times)3. The music. I don't have enough praise words for the soundtrack, it is the most beautiful one I have ever listened to, and fit together absolutely perfectly with the images and with what was happening. I wouldn't change any single note on it. At least 30% of the movie is the soundtrack.All these are wonderfully put together in a heart-warming drama about sacrifice, love, adventure.Note: This review is for the movie itself, not the VHS edition nor the DVD edition.
Enough already. I read "Jackson Rules" and enjoyed it. "The Survivors" was a little bit over the top for me but I still kept the faith. Now after reading (not the whole book) what I could stand from "The Perfect Lie" well, frankly, I will not be reading any more Dinah McCall/Sharon Sala books again. Why? Because I am tired of the moral preaching and the weak or careless characters. An example of the first point: in McCall's world, if you even CONSIDER having an abortion, you'll get your head blown off. And for the second point; weeping and nagging are the way to a man's heart. Really. OK so this is not a great review, I'm simply trying to save you some time and money. Nomaste.:-)
The author does a great job putting you back into the 1950's and the south. You can feel the sweet on your back and the humidity in this book. Not to mention, I love the lone ranger / outlaw type character. I don't keep many books but I'm going to keep this one.
I like to go to the cd music store & search for a new band or album that just simply blows me away, also gets me hooked into it. Well, this album does just that. From the very start to the very finish, it rips right thru my soul & stomps on it, then asks me, "I hope you liked it" My most favorite track has to be the almighty "Blacklist", i play & repeat that heavy little ditty numerous times & it makes me think of this question to ask other bands, "Why can't you be as heavy as THIS?" The whole album is a massive kick in the ass, & is as heavy as hell. The song "Impaler" written by Kirk Hammett, is a classic fast track too. All in all, one of the fastest albums, if not, THE fastest album of the past 4-5 years, without sounding out of control.
To The End of the Solar System is an excellent primer on the nuclear rocket -- the history that might have been, and still waiting to be. It is a story even avid spaceflight fans may not have heard. Dewar presents a very readable account of the visionary engineers, project managers, and politicians who developed the first nuclear thermal rockets. The narrative covers the politics and engineering (with supplementary appendices) without being overwhelming. It explains why the nuclear rocket is superior to chemical engines, yet why the world failed to embrace it. The technology has lain dormant for decades, but is quietly making a revival in NASA's project Prometheus and elsewhere. Learn where it all started and where it's going; read To The End of the Solar System. It is well worth the price of admission.
It's probably impossible to write a biography of Hamilton that ISN'T interesting, but what I really appreciated was the degree to which Chernow puts Hamilton's views and actions in cultural context. I learned a lot about a variety of topics: the nature and role of the press, the practice and significance of duels, controversies about commerce and armed forces, etc. etc.To those who accuse Chernow of being biased in favor of his subject or of "distorting" history, all I have to say is: "duh". It's a biography! By it's very nature, it's partial and a distortion.What makes it a GOOD biography, and a useful and rewarding work of history, is the great extent to which Chernow uses his subject to illustrate and cast light on the period in question.
This book starts off great by expounding upon previously published ideas of Mr. Kaplan found in his articles within The Atlantic Monthly. He talks about a coming anarchy due to the decreasing relevance of international borders (which may be read the disintegration of the state). Refugee flows, environmental degradation, and ehnic cleavages are all factors that contribute to the disintegration of the current system. Kaplan expounds upon these notions and offers other examples and scenarios worth reading.I would recommend this book to those who enjoy works such as Jared Diamond's &quot;Guns, Germs, and Steel&quot;, Fukuyama's &quot;The End of History and the Last Man&quot;, Friedman's &quot;The Lexus and the Olive Tree&quot;, or Barber's &quot;Jihad vs. McWorld&quot;. Like these works, Kaplan's book attempts to explain why the world is structured the way it is but maybe more importantly, what the future of this structuration may bring as it evolves both politically, socially, economically
This is the second in an underrated series about the U.S. Postal Inspectors. While the first movie was a little over the top what with its focus on letterbombing, this sequel covers the frightening new crime of identity theft. Michael Madsen is terrific as the criminal, but Lou Gossett really shines as the cliched but true character of a lawman who has seen it all.
I absolutely love this book! It is one of the best strategies instruction books I have ever owned. I bought it to enhance my instructional strategies repertoire. The table of contents is well written. It is not full of jargon. It is well organized and easy to read. The initial forward contains a list of strategies and their use. The strategies are described and explain with the use of concrete examples. This makes is so easy to search for a strategy. For example, the making connections concept has over six different strategies that can be used with students. They are formated in the form of lessons so you don't have to rewrite the book to apply the strategy. Each strategy has a rational, guided practice, resources, and authentic work samples. Chapter 12 has an assessment component for assessing comprehension.
It is a nice camcorder.But it would be nicer, if it is HDD (hard disk drive) based. The miniDV tape just not able to record the whole event I like to record. transfer file from tape to computer is also taking a long time. Wish they have a HDD version so that I can get the capture through USB port like their other HDD version camcorder!I was wrong that Sony has a HDR-SR7 and SR8 that is just as nice as this one with 60GB and 100GB HDD. You can find that in Amazon.com!
this is awesome and really reasonably priced! it has every episode. it also has never aired episodes and its packed with bonus content and features. my only regret is that it has to come to an end. i really wish they made more seasons but if you buy this i suggest buying ti with Serenity to complete the collection.
As of December 2008, one of the controls failed. When plugging the blanket into the wall, one of the controls shows "88" continuously. It does not want to reset.Read other reviews. Other people have similar problems. The blanket lasts only 1 year. I will buy a different brand this time.--------------------------------------------------I wrote the following review during October 2008:--------------------------------------------------I purchased this in Fall 2007 (Amazon was the seller). It still works great. The blanket is a soft fleece. I have a sheet underneath it and a blanket on top of it. The preheat function is wonderful (heats the bed and then reverts to your normal setting). I only use L or 2 or 3 throughout the cold months.There are no clicking sounds when it turns on/off to regulate heat, and there are no "shocks" when it turns on/off.The controls works well. I have a king size (so dual controls). They are dimly lit, so you can see them in the dark, but they are not too bright. And the blanket shuts-off in 10 hours (if I remember right). So, if I forget to turn it off, it turns-off automatically.I would purchase this item again, if I needed it.
I love the way George RR Martin writes. I love Westeros. I love it like a heroin addict loves his fix. I've read each of his books nine times, and I have the Audio versions also. But this book was fluff. The Brienne chapters were a waste of time. I guess he wrote them to visualize what the land was like after the war of three kings. Violent. The brienne chapters were interesting but they didn't accomplish anything in the way of the story. The Sam chapters were also pretty lame. Arya's chapters were interesting, but could have been omitted. Cersei's chapters were interesting, as were Jamies and moved the plot forward but they could have finished them in three chapters. If he wanted to focus on minor characters he should have focused on Ramsey Bolton, Bronn, Sandor Clegane or maybe members of the Golden Company. The Ironborn chapters were the most interesting. All of the really good characters are missing in this book. He is moving dangerously close to writing himself into the ground like Jordan did in wheel of time! I just wish he would cut the dead weight and finish the story. So he can write some more stories about even more interesting heroes. I did enjoy reading this book, and I don't mean to be hard on George but I really missed my favorite characters !I gave this book 3 stars initially.Five years later: After my initial reading of this book and being a bit annoyed. I reread it again and again. I have grown to like Jaime and Sam. Brienne has grown on me, but in reality it was her who changed Jamie and made him want to be more like Arthur Dayne again. I'm curious to see how his story will pan out. The descriptions in this book as with all of Martin's work is excellent and his worldbuilding is incredible. George is a master of showing and not telling through characterization. Cersei is incredibly annoying and paranoid and reminds me of a female Aerys Targaryen. She needs to die a horrific death, probably by Jamies hands. Some interesting things happen in this book mostly thanks to Cersei's lack of common sense and paranoia. The rise of the church Knights and pretty much destroying every ally she possibly can with her shrewlike evil. She's bringing House Lannister down into oblivion one move at a time. She pisses of the Tyrells, The Iron bank of Braavos, ALL of her relatives and Jaimie. Everyone is at war in this book and Westeros in flames from The reach to the wall, Only Dorne remains unscathed. The Ironborn invade and make a mess of everything. CHAOS! Enjoy!
While there is certainly a great hour to be had here, I can think of at least 12 more songs you would want to hear without getting one bit dilutive. So while this is indeed a great bargain, I suggest you pass it up and go for all six original albums instead.
I use this product to seal/waterproof the concrete (inner) sides of the sewer at the bottom of my driveway and on the ends of various pieces of pressure treated wood in my backyard (like the tops of fence boards) and am pretty much satisfied with it. It's, of course, very easy to apply and goes on a milky color and dries clear, making it easier to tell where you've just applied it in poorly lit areas. And, unlike many types of concrete/masonary sealers, one can apply this Thompson's product in direct sunlight. Just be sure to first use their cleaner to remove all the grease, fungi, etc on the object you want to seal b4 applying the waterproofer.
it wasn't a complete waste of time, but half of the time me and my husband laughed instead of "biting our nails".the mysterious caller's voice was in foreground, making it sound oddly like a joke more than a threat, and somehow the whole setup and plot was so contrived, ridiculous and artificial that this movie failed to move us. The tension never materialized as we perceived it as silly instead of threatening.Really, it would take a lot of effort for the stalker to reseearch potential victims to the depths suggested by the conversations with them.I gave the disc away right after the viewing - it is really not worth seeing it the second time.
I was disappointed You can glean a lot more information from the internet on this subject. Other reviewers stated that this book tells you what to do and how to stop a Jezebel. I had hoped for information on how to confront a Jezebel.(I haven't found that anywhere) Like how to set the person free of the demon Jezebel spirit. The Jezebel is a familiar-demon-spirit. This book tells you to recognize and cut ties (kinda like turning tail and running, change churches get new friends and the like but that doesn't set you free. It doesn't protect you from meeting another one just around th corner. if it is a close relative or even a spouse, you can't necessarily change your life to get them out of it. Jesus cast out demons! I was hoping for some techniques to wrestle the Jezebel out of a loved one who believes she is speaking to the Holy Spirit when in reality she is talking to this familiar spirit from hell. This book does not do justice to the truly demonic influence and behavior of the Jezebel.This is a personal tip that I have found saves sanity when the Jezebel is into prophesy (yes they can read your mind and it is truly creepy.) At first I had no idea what was going on. It began when the Jezebel would tell me what I prayed about in private. I turned to God and said how can she know what I am praying? Please keep this private between you and me Lord, Please don't let her in on my prayers. I began to notice that when she didn't know what I was praying she would still pretend that she knew and she would make things up. When I talked to her children I noticed that she would know things from our private conversations, so we began to pray before talking that our conversations would be private between us and the Lord. Her demon spirit was prevented from eves dropping through our prayers to Jesus and finally we had privacy. I began to pray that my prayers and all of my thoughts would be kept private from her. Once we got all the adult children prayed up on blocking her spirit from the eves-dropping on our thoughts our conversations, and our lives, things are much better.Another major thing I did was that I went and had a deliverance, (I belong to a 4-Square Church) They broke off several spirits that had to do with the Jezebel. That did not stop all the witchcrafty poltergeist activity but it did stop all the mind reading stuff and it broke off some of the crazy witchy crap.That demon spirit gets on the people that the Jezebel is keeping tabs on. Which I swear causes your person to be drawn to other Jezebels. Once you discover a Jezebel look at your past relationships I bet you will recognize a few others that were controlling drama queens and then you will realize that this spirit has had your number for quite some time. The deliverance was key in breaking the cycle. BUT I WANT TO SET THIS PERSON WHO IS CARRYING THE JEZEBEL SPIRIT FREE. It isn't like you can up and drag a retired-minister into deliverance.Jesus cast out demons!! He didn't just love the people. Love the sinner hate the sin. Satan is the author of sin. And if you have never dealt with a person under the influence of a 'Jezebel demon spirit' then you have no idea what everyone is talking about. If you don't believe in demon spirits then you haven't been reading the bible. And once you have dealt with a demon spirit harassing you then you will know why these people are talking warrior talk. This book did not do justice to the problem most of us have or are dealing with. Think poltergeist behavior all around you because that Jezebel person is not happy with you. Car doors locking by them selves when you are about to put your hand on the latch to open the door. Your telephone cutting out when you mention the person's name, or that person calling you and telling you what you prayed about in the wee hours of the night (40 miles away). They can read your mind, because the Jezebel spirit is a familiar spirit, it is witchcraft spirit and the confusion that they can cause is incredible. No where does Jesus say to accept and tolerate the devil.From my experience, the people I have known who have the Jezebel spirit have no idea that all the witchy poltergeist stuff that happens all around them has anything to do with them or especially their 'prayers'. They just think that is normal weird stuff that happens. They see nothing strange about KNOWING what people prayed about or personal thoughts of people, if they are Christian, they just believe that they are special and that the Holy Spirit is giving them prophesy information. And if they are not Christian, they just know that they know stuff when they get a knowing they make your life hell with it. When a person with a strong Jezebel spirit focuses prayer on you, watch out that is when freak accidents start to happen in your life because hell has focused it's energy on your life. Jezebels take control of you through soul ties and spiritual authority that is gained from knowing your thoughts. People begin to be afraid to buck these people because the Jezebel's have this strange DEMONIC control over their lives, (through the ties and spiritual authority they have usurped) and innocent people do not understand that it is a demonic influence that has them in it's grips, and it is powerful the damage that Jezebels can wreck in your life.Nothing makes sense about what is happening in your life until you understand that it is DEMONIC and it must be stopped! It is IMPOSSIBLE to stop if you are dealing with it in the natural realm as extreme personality flaws. As a mean over-controlling person who has control over their behavior. They don't have control. NO they gave their control over when they came into agreement with the familiar spirit,(probably unwittingly) who gains them POWER, they are power hungry, people who were often abused as children, who are often filled with unforgiveness of things that happened to them as powerless children or young adults, who became rebellious, and who won't submit to anyone,(not even to God even though they may claim to love Jesus) this spirit gives them power that power they crave over people. People are put into positions of having to submit to them and the Jezebel likes that (they come into agreement)it is absolutely insideous.This book does not get into this kind of detail. These Jezebel people are victims too they are soul tied with demons!! When you unwittingly become soul tied with a person with a Jezebel spirit you are also soul-tied with their demons. It is a demonic soul tie that must be broken to begin the process of separating from the Jezebel.
First off all,I want to make it clear that I do love this game as most people do.But there are a couple elements of this game that stop it from getting a five stars perfect rating.Here they are:The one major thing that I did not like was the fact that the vigilante,firetruck and paramedic vehicle missons were changed from the ones in GTA3,and for the worse I might add. Instead of taking out 20 criminals(10 at one time and maybe 10 at another) and then getting rewarded;GTA Vice City will only reward you with something ONLY if you can get to and complete level 12.That means you have to CONSECUTIVELY take out 50 criminals/put out 50 fires etc etc. This can be ridiculously hard,and pretty much makes the gamer not even want to bother trying.I feel that the vehicle missons should have been left the same way as it was in GTA3. You will also no longer be rewarded with police bribes.....BIG MISTAKE!The second minor thing was the radio station selection.I understand that the game takes place in the 80's and as such only 80's music is available,but this can get kinda old.There is no real hardcore music.With the rock station count on early slayer,and with the rap station expect run dmc.Also, TWO michale jackson songs in the game were two too many! Let's face it when you have a wanted level of 3 or 4 and you're trying to speed away from the police,you need something more to listen to then 99red balloons.I do like the spanish station though!lolOverall the good outways the bad.Throw in some new features like chainsaws and buying a strip joint,and this game isa near masterpeice!
one of the best experimental albums ever. i am not a big beatles fan, or a john lennon fan for the most part, but this is just great. yoko ono deserves a lot more respect than she gets.
I admit that I originally bought this cd for the song"TROUBLE" After jumping through the other tracks I always would return to the fore mentioned song.It took me a while but I finally dared to really listen to the other songs.(having the lyrics available really helps)I've got to say this is a really totally enjoyable album.I've gotten to appreciate Lindsey's versatile musicalability all the while showing his amazing (occasionally dry) sense of humor.This is a really fun album with a sometimes serious underlying message.
In each of its four Tony Hawk titles, Activision has brought something new and innovative to skateboard games. Like many others, I was wondering what this company that revolutionized skateboarding video games could bring to a fourth title. There are three things I have to say about this game that make it such an awesome game.First, although the gameplay and controls of THPS4 are the same as the previous game, you will notice a change in the format of the game right away. Instead of starting a level with two minutes on the clock to complete as many goals as possible, you start the level with no time limit. You can skate around freely, collecting cash, loooking for gaps and cool places to skate and when you feel like completing some goals you simply skate up to a person with an arrow above their head. They will give you a goal and a time limit. You will find that this format of gameplay really gives you a lot more freedom.Second, the creativity of this game is just amazing. There are mini-games hidden in some of the levels that allow you to earn extra cash. Some of the goals were so crazy they left me staring at the television in awe of the coolness of the game. Also, you are now forced to perfect every type of trick in the book. There are many goals that force you to use a certain type of trick. For example, there is one competition where you are placed on a floor with no ramps to do tricks off of or rails to grind. Your entire run will consist of manuals.Third, the amount of gameplay in this game exceeds any of the previous games by a great deal. THPS3 was short and simple. Once you get the game down, you can beat it in less than an hour. The gameplay hours were extended by being required to beat the game with all 21 skaters in order to unlock everything available. THPS4 is much longer. There are 190 goals total, some of which are insanely difficult. And you don't have to go through the monotony of beating the game with every skater. As you progress through the game with one skater, you progress with them all.These are the three things that really make THPS4 stand out as the best skateboarding game ever.
This game had potential, but it is just too repetitive and easy. In the first Wario Ware game (Wario Ware: Mega Microgames), it was hard to beat all of the levels and unlock all of the unlockables. There was also much more variation in the microgames.This game, rather than being enhanced by the addition of the microphone (which is built in to the DS) and the touch screen, is limited by them. All of the microgames involve either the touch screen or the microphone. That means that the microphone level, for example, has you blowing into the microphone over and over, regardless of what the microgame is.The unlockables aren't nearly as good as they were in the first Wario Ware, either. It was really cool to be able to unlock the full version of Dr. Mario. It's not as cool unlocking a metronome, calculator and yo-yo. There are more unlockables, but they're really only worth playing with once.Overall, this game was a big disappointment. Fortunately, Wario Ware: Twisted is coming out for Game Boy Advance next month, and it sounds like it will be much better.
Seventh Season....great movie as I got all seasons now. Love the dress that she got married in. A movie you can get hooked on.
Note: I downloaded this free from the Gutenberg Project rather than Amazon, so there may be a few differences between this version and the one I have.This was written in 1899 and the English has not been updated. Once you get used to the style though, the stories become amusing. They seem more like accounts of people learning life's lessons rather than fables. Some are funny, some are sad and a few I didn't get. As I read them, I realize even though much has changed between 1899 and today, people are much the same. Many of us make the same dumb mistakes as our ancestors did: trusting those we shouldn't, expecting too much or too little, etc. The illustrations are also cool.
This facile and thin book uses the "Don't Know Much About..." format to deliver meaningless factoids or non-answers in a condescending, preachy tone. The questions are contrived, and the answers are often downright obnoxious.Here's an example:"How are we different from one another?"All human beings are basically the same, wherever they live. We make speak different languages and have different ideas. We may wear different clothes and eat different foods. Our parents may give us dark or pale skin, blue eyes or brown, or various colors of hair. But in the end we share the same needs, pleasures, hopes, and fears. We should not waste out time quarreling, for we are all members of the same family."Skip this one!
I wasn't expecting much from this movie and was surprised to see an honest portrayal of segments of our society who have no hope and how they are taken advantage of by wealthy moguls and bullies.
This Blue Ray DVD will NOT run on my player. All the other Blue Ray disks that I ordered work great. I see no scratches, smudges, or anything. I am very disappointed.
According to the liner notes, James Brown was dubbed "the King" by the ghost of Elvis. Excellent choice, E! This guy is great.I love a good cover version of a familiar song. Hell, I love a bad version.But these are GOOD. It's amazing. I think the haunting version of John Lennon's "Working Class Hero" is the best on here, but there are several incredible performances.Kudos to the production team as well. They didn't try to make it sound like the music from 1977 or 1968 or 1954 (whichever Elvis was your favorite). They go with a modern production style. Excellent.James "the King" Brown pays homage well...
I picked this up on a whim because of the title and the gorgeous illustrations. I got a real treasure! My five year old son loves to have it read to him, and I love reading it.
You take splinter cell, you take away the engaging story line, you take away complex level design, you take away character versatility, you take away advanced graphics, you take away objective variety, you got manhunt.Zip, zap, zoop.
The best one's so far. I use them on my two Norelco's but the original came apart. Maybe my fault.
[Good]Looks greatFeels great; very comfortable with the rubber coated handleDoes the job: good sized scoopGood price[Bad]I may be wrong, but I'm not entirely sure this is dishwasher safe[Verdict]Awesome product worthy of the OXO brand.
dont you get sick of all these 5-star reviews ...? i sure do. but this time, i liked this book so much, i am sending one in anyway.i don't mean to overstate things, and no, i am not related to Sun OR any of the authors, but this is simply one of the best 'computer books' i've ever read, even though it came from a vendor, and even though it's title (not to mention its topic) is rather pedestrian. here's why:1) unlike many of the 'teach yourself Java' books, it finds just the right level of metaphor. am i the only one tired of the use of fruit, etc. when explaining objects? this book does that a little, but it also relates everything back to real-world problems that are complex enough to matter but simple enough to be graspable.2) no irritating humour. I'm sorry, but i have had enough of computer-book authors who can't restrain their wit (like Bill Vaughan, so is otherwise a great writer).3) a great explanation of threading. in all the other java books, i gave up after a few pages. i read the threading chapter in this book while driving home, and it made complete sense the first time round!4) NO TYPOS. actually, i found one this morning. page 372, line 4, there is an extra hyphen. but that's it! it is almost unheard of, in my experience, anyway, to find such high quality in a 'computer book'. and personally, i find it insulting to spend $... on a book only to find the author didn't even proof their work.5) after reading an explanation of interfaces in at least 4 other places, i THINK i finally get it, thanks to this book!ONE BIG BEEF: having the answers to the exercises available only on the web is a major irritation. what were they thinking? for one thing, sun.com always seems to be the slowest site on the web. and that's assuming you have a networked PC handy, which i did not when i read this book.i also agree that the space taken up by references to sample code was distracting and useless. on the other hand, there were 1 or 2 places (in the Swing chapter in particular) where the book did NOT include a printout of the complete source, which it should have.notwithstanding the preceding comment, i believe this book was about right. it wisely omitted JDBC and stopped at a fairly skimpy coverage of Swing, which is correct, IMHO, in a book at this level. i also don't need another 4" thick book full of screen prints and fluff, which is what many of the competing books have.all in all, i found that despite my interest in Java being modest at best, i literally could not put this book down. i read it almost nonstop cover to cover. no, i am not a freak, normally i fall asleep after two chapters. solid writing, well scoped, and near-perfect execution earn this a *****.
This whole movie was staged. There was absolutely nothing scary about it. One example, the history student (a girl) is eating a sandwich and it has a cockroach on it. She is being filmed showing the cockroach while holding the sandwich, but no one says a word about it to her. She finally takes a bite or two and pretends she has taken the roach into her mouth....but you never actually she it as she pretends to take it out and toss it across the room. Then, of course screams her lungs out. The whole movie is like this. The fireplace seen is even funnier with her.ADVICE: Don't waste your money or time with this movie, it isn't worth either.
I have these in the blue denim-like color with the little birds and I must say, these are some of the cutest boots EVER. I am in LOVE with them. I am about to buy another color so I can wear them more! :) I get soooo many compliments on these.
This is my all-time favorite Christmas movie!! I can watch over and over again!!
Adshead covers, from a Sinocentric perspective, much of the history and sociology of Eurasia over the last three or four millenia in one of the most succinctly argued books I've ever read. You'll find one or two jaw-dropping insights on every page.
Despite the fact that Amazon has no picture whatsoever, this IS a DVD collection of the Shari Lewis show (1970's). The packaging is not at all misleading, it is not called "The Lamb Chop" collection. I am a fan of Shari and urge each to give this collection a try!
An older title, so HD version little better than standard DVD. But, there were NO problems with the HD disc.
Why didn't this movie click at the box office? The characters played by Tomei and D'Onofrio are people you actually care about; that alone makes the movie superior to 99% of what passes as romantic comedy these days. Tomei especially sells her part (a difficult one) with touching credibility. A nice bonus is the believable relationship Tomei has with her parents, especially her Mom (who gives her daughter a pep talk about love that is one of the best scenes in the movie). Finally, a special nod to Holland Taylor, who just gets more terrific with the years, in a crucial supporting role.(One word of warning: if you ever do get a chance to see this in the movie theaters, don't. Nothing will kill the magic of the film's ending faster than having some lamebrain behind you wailing to his/her date: &quot;But I don't UNDERSTAND -- what did she see in that photograph, anyway?&quot;
I thought I had goten a movie with Fran Drescher, you know the Nanny Series. Anyway, I really didn't like this movie. It was too late to get my money back.
A gem for dog lovers of all ages. Chip wants a dog so badly, but can't have one because his parents are cat people. Finally he realizes he doesn't need a dog--he is a dog!! All done in the William Wegman style with his doggy humor.
In 1969, "More" prompted many young urbanites to move to Ibiza, to live the utopian dream. The Pink Floyd is a favorite among the expatriate veterans who still live on the island. English is the proper language for this movie, for, not only it facilitated its commercialization, but actually is the lingua franca among these expressive expatriates.Though a tad disappointing as a movie production, "More" historically embodies the Spirit of a time. The acting is quite ludicrous at the beginning, but it gradually improves, as the narrative unfolds and the actors get into their roles. In any case, More is definitely a cult of the counterculture, thematizing the challenges and shortcomings of transpersonal utopia. Reflecting the anti-heroine stance (drug which ultimately throws hippies down from bliss to destruction), the movie resonates with autobiographies, such as Cleo Odzer's "Goa Freaks", and it can be better understood by the anthropological book by Anthony D'Andrea, "Global Nomads" about Ibiza and Goa/India.If you experienced the counterculture, and/or were in Ibiza (its alternative world, not tourism...), or like chaotic romances in exotic yet real situations, then you will love the movie. But if you don't empathize with any of the related issues, then it is better not to expect too much...
Invader Zim has come to Earth to prepare for it's invasion. Nah, the Tall Ones just exiled him here. In volume two, Zim contiues to fight his biggest foe, his ego. A must buy for everyone, sci-fi fan or not.
Recently, I put my iTunes on shuffle (not sumthin I normally do), and Imogen's "Hide and Seek" started to play. My whole body started to tingle cuz I just love this song, and I hadn't heard in quite a while. After the song had finished, I immediately took my iTunes off shuffle mode, and started "Speak For Yourself!" from track one. "Ahh....!!" I thought to myself, "...such an inspiring album!"...I bathed my hearing senses with every nuance I could soak in. Into my 2nd-listen-in-a-row through the album, I had a disturbing thought! - I had never written a review of one of my all time favorite albums, ever!First of all, as anyone would agree, Imogen has a beautifully trained voice. She can transition from a soft whisper to a scream like nobody's business! (ok, she really doesn't scream). But in other words, I guess the point I'm trying to get out, is that she doesn't sing they same way, in every song....she's a very dynamic vocalist! And from what I understand, she writes, sings, composes and produces most everything herself (wow).Her music, second of all, is very impressive. It's vibrant, rich, intelligent and full of subleties that paints a very unique and wonderful soundscape she can call all her own. Song structures are generally comprised of electronics as the backbone, such as percussion and bass lines, while the more melodic instrumentation may be a combination of piano, strings, xylophone, or some other exotic sounding instrument, mixed with other synthetic tembres. As an analogy, the music is very synchronous and acrobatic, much like watching a complicated peice of machinery at work. A friend recently sent me a link to one of her video blogs where she just aquired an instrument called "De Hang", it's like a hand-held steel drum, but much better sounding (in my opinion). I hope to hear this thing in her upcoming release this Fall! :)And speaking of her blogs, I've been catching up on them and have formed somewhat of a sisterly liking to her worldly persona. As a musician myself, her passion for her music is very inspiring and motivating. As a person, her passion about life and little things is apparently something she enjoys, and is inspiring as well. I feel even more connected to her and her music, thanks to her video blogs (which are on YouTube and accessible from her website here: http://www.imogenheap.co.uk/).Anyhooo....regardless of what your musical preference is, you should take a listen to "Speak For Yourself". It's a "must have" in my book!
I had low expectations for adding component cables to the wii, but there is a noticeable improvement in the sharpness of the images. Definitely worth the inexpensive price.
The games initially have to be played in sequence to "unlock" them all. An adult with competent game play skills can do it in maybe 30 minutes.The games are ok, short but ok. They are almost like teaser games for something larger. My kid enjoys them and that is all that mattered to me, it is her Wii.What I bought was a used version of the product for about a $12 savings and the remote I got from my seller was broken.
This is a great new series, it's light and refreshing I will definetly look forward to more....
I thought for a while that my DSL provider's modem was screwed up until I found out that there was some sort of problem with the router. I purcahsed this particular router thinking that a different brand would not have the same problems as my linksys wireless router. However, after speaking with SBC for about 20 minutes and another 20 minutes on the phone with netgear I found out it was a software not hardware problem; since I bought the router over 90 days ago, I don't have free tech support anymore. Henceforth since it isn't a hardware problem I would have had to pay 32.95 just to fix a configuration problem, rendering the 3 year warranty on the router pretty much useless. I only payed $40 for the router! The customer service is horrendous there. The guy did not explain what he was telling me to do. I was unaware that there were still companies that charged for tech support on electronics. Wow. It seems like they have some sort of magical thing that goes wrong on them so you have to either pay for tech support or buy a new router. Thankfully, I managed to reconfigure it myself to get it to work. Boycott Netgear.
I bought this game for $1 at a used game store and I relized it's not even worth that much. All you do is match dominoes, that's all!! There's even a cheat, just keep pressing SELECT and you'll get a bunch of dominoes that are all the same. Since you got That simple cheat there's no point in buying this. As my friend says,"I wouldn't even take this if I was offered $100.00"
This book was good. HOWEVER, and I am sorry for yelling that, I was very upset at this book being put out in Hardcover. I find the trend in having good paperback material end up in Hardcover format upsetting.I love Mary Janice Davidson's work, don't get me wrong, but I don't like spending $21.00 on a novel which should have gone to paperback. I could spend that money on more books.I love the story it's my favorite so far.It would have gotten a 5 from me if it were in paperback.I liked the over all read of the book, and love that Betsy meets the Devil and that her sister is the Devil's daughter.
I had seen Cephas and Wiggins at our local blues festival a number of years earlier and I remembered enjoying their set. When I saw this album at my local Cracker Barrel I decided it was probably worth taking a chance on. I am glad I did!The album is a mixture of original works such as "Guitar Man" and some standards such as "John Henry" but each cut is done in their own style of pure unadulterated blues. No overblown production, no backing band, just the simple sound two masters singing and playing the blues.
I have been pleased with the style and comfort of these shoes. They have been well worth the money.
Why oh why do the studio heads do this?? Greed!! Save your purchase $$'s and wait for the Blu-Ray release of the Extended Cut. If the studio heads think it's so fantastic, let them purchase this theatrical release for their collections; I can wait for the extended cut!
If you like anything about the Amazon and its wild life you will love thisI got it for me and my son to watchIt kept him quite through the whole movie
My initial impression regarding this film was that it is some sort of political propaganda, but after finishing it I have discovered that I was wrong. What this film is really about is how our world has changed after 9/11. Although there are no overt statements being made, the general tone of the film is that these changes have not been for the better. I believe that the intent was to show how we are heading down a slippery slope, and that it would take very little in order to push us over the edge.
In reading Six Black Presidents: Black Blood : White Masks USA I was struck by the need of the author to acquire the men that are reviewed in the book. These men are people, they are not posessions, however I felt distinctly that I was being asked to give someone away for the purposes of supporting the theories put forth in this work.While the content is compelling, if true, the lack of primary evidence and fact overshadows this work.As another reviewer has pointed out, there is a heavy reliance on phrases such as "It is thought..." and "It is believed..." Qualifying key sentences with these pharses detracts from the reliability of the material as fact. There also seems to be a reliance on "Post Hoc Ergo Promptor Hoc" (Therefore, because of this) reasoning, which while persuasive, is faulty.Structurally, the writing style of the author develops a cadance, seldom stumbling, but often bringing this reader to reread portion of the book to see if the mind was carried past a detail that would add clarity to the argument.While not a bad example of theory, however, the author fails to sell the reader on the premise that these men have enough identifiers to clearly identify them as being Afro-Centric in the ancestry, or in their thoughts.
The book covers a lot of the same ground (identical content in some places) as the author's "Kamikaze, Cherry Blossoms, and Nationalisms". The discussion of how Japan's leaders appropriated the cherry blossom iconography for military indoctrination is highly stimulating, though at times the author pushes her theme beyond its capacity to explain certain aspects of Japanese fanaticism. In part, the problem is that the reader has to accept the diaries and other writings of a small number of highly educated young men as "representative" of the kamikaze (the author avoids the word in her text because she says it has become a synonym for "mindlessness") when, of course, they were a minority. Nevertheless, taken together with other first-hand sources (diaries, letters, memoires, etc.) increasingly becoming available in translation, this collection makes a valuable contribution to deepening our understanding of the human dimenson of wartime Japan.
I bought this kit for my first attempt at tie dyeing. I was more than satisfied with the results. My 7 year old daughter and I made five shirts and still have enough dye for another.The kit came with 3 squeeze bottles that each had the powdered dye pre-measued in them, just add warm water to the line and shake. It also comes with a small bag of soda ash that you dissolve in water and allow the shirts (or what ever) to soak in prior to applying dye. Some how this helps to fix or make permanent the dye to the fabric.The dyes were incredibly vibrant and easy to use. Being as this was our first time, we watched a few youtube videos to get some ideas on what to do. It truly was unnecessary, as the instructions are quite clear, still it gave me more confidence that we were doing it right.We made 3 shirts using the spiral method, 1 folded horizontal 'accordion' style, and finally one just balled up. By far the classic spiral shirts came out the best. The folded one looks pretty good, but I doubt we'll bother with the balled up method again. That shirt looks more like it just came off the paintball field (still not bad though:-).Next time (and there will be a next time) my daughter wants to try her hand at doing a peace sign. I think we'll catch a few more videos on that topic first.Anyway, I highly recommend this kit, and I promise to 'report back' if I find the shirts fading. So far we've only had 2 washes since making them.
This book is really quite good. Mark Steyn is always worth reading, regardless of your political ideology. But in this book he is very persuasive, and the demography numbers he reports don't lie.
1. Des Jours Entiers A T'aimer2. Bourg La Reine3. Si Tu Reviens4. Faillite (First National City Bank... eroute)5. La Californie6. Zucayan7. Quatre Heures Du Matin8. Carthage9. Les Menhirs10. Des Larmes Sucrees11. La veuve de Joe Stan MurrayTout est formidable dans cet album, qui a inond&eacute; les ondes franaises, belges et suisses en cette fin de folle d&eacute;cennie que fut celle des 60's. La m&eacute;lancolie de &quot;Quatre Heures Du Matin&quot; abreuve les &quot;Larmes Sucr&eacute;es&quot;. Les d&eacute;clarations d'amour &eacute;plor&eacute;es de &quot;Si Tu Reviens&quot; et &quot;Des Jours Entiers A T'aimer&quot; font tout pour ne pas tre oubli&eacute;es. Mais les plus beaux chevaux de bataille (bien rang&eacute;e, rassurez-vous) restent les &eacute;tendards &quot;La Californie&quot; et surtout &quot;Carthage&quot;, une chanson m&eacute;morable qui laisse pantois Gustave Flaubert. Du fond de sa tombe, celui-ci pense &agrave; Salamb qui aurait bien dans&eacute; sur cette diable de musique. Qui sait au fond si, du fond de son enfer, elle ne s'en prive pas ?
***This review is full of hilarious spoilers, be advised!***There is something about a film so bad it makes you laugh, mostly that it probably isn't worth watching and it certainly is not worth buying for more than $5. Frozen is in that category, it's so incredibly ridiculous that you're left wondering why you sat through to the end and yet your stomach hurts from laughing.The film has a simple plot: three college students are stuck on a ski lift after they beg the operator for one last run down the mountain. Why? Well, the girlfriend wasn't supposed to tag along and crashed the fun "Guy Weekend" and now feeling guilty they're headed out to try and salvage a day of dealing with the Bunny Hill.I really wanted to like this movie; I found the entire concept to be really great: stuck alone on a ski lift in freezing temperatures knowing that if you can just hang on a few more days someone will be there to rescue you. This is one of those stories that could hypothetically happen to anyone, and that's what makes it so chilling. Instead of going for that creepy feeling of loneliness and playing it to the hilt we're met with the idiotic antics of children.Now, you can say that young adults really are pretty daft in certain situations, so are adults. No one is as stupid as these characters. Jumping off a ski lift without first hanging down from the bars to give you that extra drop of height, jumping feet first, jumping at all when you know it's too high in the first place? Not army crawling over the wire toward the ladder so that you can climb to safety, the ladder you must know is there because you've been skiing your entire life and using lifts? Not huddling together for warmth? Not zipping your jackets up over your face and ears when you know you're getting frostbite? Taking off your equipment and throwing it at wolves? Wrapping your bare hand around a metal bar and somehow managing to fall asleep like that? Peeing in your own snowsuit because you can't be bothered to ask someone to help hold you while you lean over the side of the lift or at least hiking it up / down and peeing through the bars?Those are just a few of the stellar moments and really they'd be excusable if we aren't presented with the knowledge that the two boys know how to ski / snowboard well enough to go on the hardest of trails and have a lifetime of knowledge about being on a mountain in the snow. Actually no, throwing things that help keep you warm at wolves far below you thinking that will scare them off is not excusable no matter how distraught you are....Which brings me to the title of this review: the multicultural wolf pack; was it that hard to actually find a proper pack of wolves? Is it too difficult to present these animals appropriately? Or was it not fitting because wolves would never (unless rabid) act the way they do in Frozen? Seriously, you want me to stomach that wolves are going to go and eat a guy without stalking and harrying him to death. Then you want me to believe they just hung around and waited so that they could within a 15-24 hour period eat another entire human being? A bear would wait; a bear would -if hungry enough- have stalked them and eaten more than one full grown human being in a 15-24 hour period. A bear, even though it would have been hibernation season, would have made a lot more sense than a mixed pack of timber and gray wolves on a human eating binge.The characters are trite, but they're also very good portrayals of the surface level of a young adult's personality and character flaws. I could have overlooked a lot of the movie had it ended before the second wolfing (ha!) down of a character and they just froze to death and were found when the resort opened back up. That would have been really quite fantastic. Instead our intrepid fools figure out when they should be dehydrated and going through serious pangs and weakness from hunger, how to army crawl over a wire. Then he is eaten. Now we're left with the girl, who is vapid, who manages to escape to the road. I was hopeful at that point, "Please let her die right here, let her succumb, it will make her managing to shimmy on her belly past the whacky wolves alright" I thought to myself. Then she was picked up by a car, survives, touching ending where as usual in cinema the girl lives when she should have been one of if not the first one dead, and it was over.Needless to say it wasn't to my taste; there were too many glaring issues with the plausibility of such a simplistic plot to overlook. I think Frozen could have been great; it could have been well worth the entire wolf debacle. Unfortunately something that could have had that simple soul-touching horror of the everyday had a bunch of bunk injected into it and turned into something annoying and at times downright laughable.
If you are a Michael Bolton fan, by all means, get this CD. Also, if you are open to hearing these traditional opera arias interpreted in, shall we say, a &quot;different&quot; manner, this may be the CD for you.HOWEVER, if you are expecting a Pavarotti-like or Domingo-like performance, DO NOT get this.I thought that I was openminded, but just couldn't get into this album. . .hence the 2 stars.
Summers at Castle Auburn begins as the story of the boisterous half-noble Coriel who splits her time between her grandmother, a wise woman, and her adoring & adorable half-sister Elisadora at Auburn. As the title implies, very little attention is given to the winters she spends with her grandmother. The story doesn't lack for that, however; indeed, the characters and developing tension at Castle Auburn are riveting.The characters are well-drawn, though some don't become three-dimensional until the second of the three parts of the book--and some characters remain more two-dimensional than I would have liked. Angela is someone who becomes more developed as time goes on; Greta, however, doesn't get much development, and is seen as a mean-hearted, though not truly evil, woman.The growing love relationships are nicely done, as well. From having a childish crush on the petty Bryan, Corie develops friendships with guardsman Roderick and Bryan's cousin Kent, both of whom are interesting young men. Elisadora's impending marriage to Bryan is a growing shadow, and the moral dilemma of slavery rears its ugly head as Corie grows older and gains more insight into the realities of her divided world. Particularly interesting is the subplot involving Corie's uncle, and her changing feelings for him as she finally realizes that we can and must love people in spite of their flaws.The pacing of the story is good, though at times Corie's slowness to understand things can be frustrating to the reader (I realized by the middle of book two where the love relationships were going, but it took Corie until the last few pages, of course!) The means Shinn took to her ending was an unexpected and interesting twist.I read this in one sitting, and enjoyed it immensely. I recommend it to anyone who likes a good love/coming of age story.
I am a big fan of Damien and "O" might possibly be my favorite album of all time so I have somewhat high expectations for this album. Overall it seems to lack some of the passion that made "O" such a great album. There are some songs that I just can't seem to fully get into whereas with O I was into every song. However despite its inferiority to O its still a great album and I definitely recommend the purchase. The opener 9 crimes is a very cool song and it almost sends you chills when Damien comes in to sing. Other favorites of mine include "Accidental Babies", "Elephant", and I do like "Dogs" although it doesn't remind me of a Damien song. If you get the chance to catch him live you won't regret it. I do highly recommend the purchase of this album, although if you don't own "O" i would buy that cd over this one in a heartbeat. I agree with other reviewers that the bell ringing is kind of annoying. The B side "Rat in the Grain" or something or other is a pretty sweet song too, surprises me it wasn't selected for this album.
I tried with all my heart to like this movie. I really did. I thought with a cast like that, how could you miss? With characters so vivid and bold and an array of talent that included Kline, Pfeiffer, Tucci, et al, this was bound to be a sure winner. WRONG! This wonderful cast fought valiantly against absurd, misguided and egomaniacal direction that paid little tribute -- much less attention -- to Shakespeare. Hoffman is so interested in leaving his own personal stamp on the piece that he ignores the delightful story itself. I am not such a traditionalist that I require a play to be done the same way by everyone. Indeed, I have been known to take some artistic license in the productions I have directed. But I always try to maintain the integrity of the play's spirit. Hoffman could definitely use a heathy dose of Branagh lessons. Thank heavens Mickey Rooney and James Cagney committed "A Midsummer Night's Dream" to film. At least those of us who love Shakespeare have someplace to go. Hoffman's star-studded pastiche is an utter waste of great talent, an unjustified personal indulgence in absolute directoral power (which corrupted absolutely)and an assault on every Bardophile. "What fools these directors be!"
In the 307 pages of this story there is not a single ray of hope or happiness, not one morsel of humor, but only the most extreme isolation and despair. So, why read it? Because it's a superb example of technical mastery of the writer's craft, and a penetrating study of the human condition a la Dostoevsky.Labelling The Heart is a Lonely Hunter "a Southern novel" may be accurate by virtue of its setting, but it is certainly not adequate. The story could have been set almost anywhere, with minor textual changes, and it would have been just as applicable and powerful. Furthermore, the story has historical merit, delving into youthful perceptions of pre-WWII geo-politics, domestic politics, and exploring a few sexual subjects that were taboo in the author's day.Don't read this story to find direct answers for the human condition. This is not a book of "what to do," but rather of "what not to do." Also, this is not an appropriate story for younger readers or those presently on a regimen of prescription antidepressants.Guardedly recommended.
I give the author credit for being outspoken about the topic. But he just isn't knowledgeable enough to take an authoritative approach to the subject although he comes off as though he is on the ads. His premise is correct that an addiction is the body and minds way of getting something that it needs. But he leaves out too many cures and doesn't discuss some of the worst addictions at all - like eating disorders, gambling. There are much better books in my view that explain chemical dependence and treatments.
I just love this! It's a great gift for anyone interested in healing, the Buddha, wheels and/or talisman. My man just loves thisMs. Amber
Well, actually I bought this nice cable, at Amazon Marketplace great offering that it was, for an HDTV Tuner, which bombed in my neighborhood. So, I never did get to unpack the cable. But it's in the closet, and it knows it's a good cable. Great cable, @ great price, thru Amazon.
Max series kids books only,no when the wind blowesor Lake House in the Max series,When the Wind Blowesand The Lake House were great books,adults wouldenjoy
Lycia is a vastly overlooked and underrated band. Formed in Phoenix, AZ during the late 80's, it's kind of hard to describe Lycia's sound in general. Some people would use the word "Gothic" in order to describe it, but to me their whole sound is way too complex to be pigeonholed into any one genre. It is, however, very evocative of the landscape of the Southwestern United States. I think that the best situation I have ever listened to Lycia in was driving through the New Mexico/Arizona desert.Driving through empty land and space, seeing the sun drown upon the distant horizon.That's the best possible way to listen to Lycia.
I tried to watch the first movie on a 42 inch Vizio 1080p HDTV and the picture quality was so bad it was barely watchable. I love these movies, so I tried to suffer though it, but it's so grainy and blurry that it almost gives you a headache. Great movies, horrible picture quality.
Well packaged in plastic within its very own solid cardboard box, this metal spacer is a great piece of gear. Not only is there quality material used here but it is solid enough to demand room in the rack... a must for accomodating an actual piece of gear eventually.
This book is not what it is hyped to be, Not very informative and not what I thought it would be.
Best Vitamin C out in the market, and if you choose to take it with a Proline/Lysine you will end up with a healthy heart and you are good to go!
A great and down to earth explanation of 2012 coming phenomenon. Not for the person who cannot think and connect.Make your own conclusions because like most predictions they are subject to interpretation
Sarah Flannery is a young girl who overcame all the odds and won international recognition at a young age through her amazing research in cryptography. This book, In Code, is not really about her research project (although I can see how some would be misled by the title). Instead, it serves as a charming account of her childhood and young adult life: some of the puzzles and problems she worked on, the things she was thinking while working on her research project, her reaction to success, and more. After finishing the book I felt as if I'd known Sarah Flannery personally.I found the riddles and puzzles sprinkled throughout the book to be very entertaining, and I learned a few things about mathematics I didn't already know while reading. The problems each served to show that even things that seem difficult can be very simple if you change your way of thinking. For me, the toughest part of working through the puzzles was resisting the urge to peek at the answers in the back of the book.What I most liked about this book is the positive role model it provides for aspiring young mathemticians, particularly girls (who have historically been underrepresented in the field.)Overall, I highly recommend this book to everyone who has any appreciation for a good puzzle. This book would also be good for parents of young children and older children who are interested in mathematics.
For an absolute beginner, this is one of the better books on offer. It explains things clearly, and from the ground up.That said, the cassettes - absolutely necessary, since Danish pronunciation is a bear - are maddening. They start with a stretch of English-language chatter about how wonderful the course is, a speech which becomes even more annoying with repeated listenings. After that, they just race through a series of barely differentiated diologues.I would have found it more helpful to have learned how to pronounce some of the colloquial expressions the written chapters present.That said, the written chapters are well-organized, build on each other, and are easy to follow. In a perfect world, the vocabulary would be better organized - we'd learn the verbs for sit, stand, and lie all at once, for example, instead of in three separate chapters - but I haven't found any other Danish text that does that, so perhaps there's some kind of royal edict against it.Note to Americans: this book is VERY Brit-centric. Everyone in the diologues seems to be flying in from London and drinking tea.
and I still find it fresh. Great book for showing well-fed USian teens how the other half lives. Grim, but ultimately a triumph for Mr. Biswas, with several spots of dark humor. Mr. Naipaul understands many kinds of people, as any good novelist should.
Edgardo Mortata was, to all accounts, a normal seven year old child living in Bologna, Italy about 150 years ago. At that time, sewer and water systems were common, as were street lights, railroads, telegraphs, steam engines and ships propelled by steam. Most people could read, blue jeans and sewing machines existed, Thoreau had written Walden, and Florence Nightingale was tending the wounded in the Crimea. Newspapers, which figure prominently in this story, were common. In other words, it was not the dark ages.Yet Edgardo was kidnapped by 'the Church'-the Catholic Church. Why? His parent's servant, afraid Edgardo would die (strongly disputed by the family physician) when he became ill, baptized him. Not a big deal, you say? But if you lived in the Papal States, it was. You see, it was illegal for a `Christian' child to be raised by non-Christian parents. So the church kidnapped the child and proceeded to brainwash (and there is no other word for it) the child into believing that a splash of water and the reciting of dozen or so words 'transformed' him from a Jesus-murdering Jew-a barely third-class citizen in Bologna at the time-into a Christian. No evidence was presented or needed other than the word of the servant, who was illiterate and and so ill at the time of the baptismal that she could barely leave her bed. Much opposing evidence showed that the Baptism may not have taken place or not been valid, yet the Church ignored or dismissed all opposing evidence and took Edgardo away.The book also brings up several other Church-led kidnappings, the infant Montel case in 1840, another child, Giuseppe Coen, in 1859, and one of an adult Regina Bianchini, who had been baptized when she was only 3, and who was legally married and pregnant when kidnapped!David Kertzer, a Professor at Brown University, demonstrates a rare ability to both research and write an engaging tale. After describing the heart-wrenching kidnapping, much of the early parts of the book deal with the international storm of controversy that the kidnapping brought about, reaching all of Europe and even the USA, while latter parts are devoted to Italian history and unification. Kertzer goes to great lengths to show the role played by the kidnapping in helping to strip the pope of his temporal (earthly) powers, as the people of Italy and Europe denounced papal rule which permitted no modern civilization or progress of any kind.Looked at deeper, what the book shows is the danger inherent in all theocracies and other forms of government where the governors don't answer to the governed, and where the governor's word is omnipotent.Well-researched and well-written. Highly recommended.
...the WORST movie I have EVER seen...if there is an Oscar for "Most Boring Movie," then, brother, this movie will win it hands down...even the gratuitous and NEEDLESS sex scenes were boring!...the actors -- and I'm being overly generous using "actors" to describe them -- were nothing but stone-faced, monotoned androids...Clooney is the only face I recognized in the movie -- probably because no other reputable actors were willing to show their faces in it...and don't look for a plot -- Clooney starts nowhere with no reason and goes to Italy and walks around frowning for an hour and a half -- probably frowning because he realized what a BOMB he had gotten himself into...I read a few reviews talking about it being a "psychological thriller" and just had to laugh...the ONLY thing "thrilling" about this movie is the end and that's only because you're thrilled the movie is finally OVER!!...
I recall listening to the LP back in the late '70s and while I have a few Little Feat (LF) discs in my collection, and a superb anthology, they 'best of' collection did not include one of my LF favs; "New Delhi Freight Train". Picked this CD up (used) for a song & a dance and loved the whole thing. The All Music Guide (AMG) was not so kind, sighting Lowell George's failing health/addictions, and the bands 'jam' aspects as less than satisfying or deep. The AMG is just that a 'Guide". I would agree the instrumental (Day at the Dog Races) would not be a cut I'd load on to my iPod but it was better than anything on so-called AMG five star rated discs like the Replacements "Let it Be", for example. As far as I'm concerned Time Love a Hero has a full 4 LF classics, another 3 or 4 near classics and was well worth the money. Billy Payne is one of my favorite ivory ticklers & Paul Barrere steps up to the plate with clever lyrical musings as George was battling his demons. Now that I'm closing in on 50 years, time loves a hero and heroes are hard to find..So you know, that you're over the hillWhen your mind makes a promise that your body can't fill.BARRERE MUSIC
The Treasure Principle ("You can't take it with you--but you can send it on ahead") is based on the familiar passage in Matthew 6:19-21:"Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust destroy, and where thieves break in and steal. But store up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where moth and rust do not destroy, and where thieves do not break in and steal. For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also."The rest of The Treasure Principle is dedicated to six Treasure Principle Keys, which expand upon the Treasure Principle. Each of the Keys is supported with illustrations and/or Scripture. Finally, the book ends with 31 questions to ask God about your giving.I found The Treasure Principle to be a quick read: I read it in one sitting. I like that everything is backed up with Scripture. The questions at the end could easily be used for personal devotions. I'll caution you that you might find this book convicting!One passage that struck me as fresh was this:"Why does God give some of His children more than they need and others less than they need? So that He may use His children to help one another. He doesn't want us to have too little or too much (Proverbs 30:8-9). When those with too much give to those with too little, two problems are solved. When they don't, two problems are perpetuated."Disclosure: I received a copy of this book, at no cost to me, for review purposes. Thanks to Blogging for Books for the opportunity! All opinions in this review are my own.
This is a really good, well thought out story.It had me thinking, "hey,this might actually be possible". He must really do a lot of research before he starts a book. It's a thrilling story while at the same time not being to far out.
This unit comes with a standard 1157 bulb and I have up graded it to an LED bulb for a brighter light. Easy to install.
I don't read many WWII novels, but this book was very engrossing. I learned something about the seige of Stalingrad and came away with an appreciation of the Russians who fought there. Also, based on what I know of the Russian mentality, the characters were well written.(SPOILER) As far as faithfulness to fact goes, I cannot refute the opinion of a prior reviewer. I can attest that the History Channel, featuring a story on the battle, showed footage of a snipers' duel and the location of a bunker where the German died. Maybe Thorvald was not his real name.Also good: The Terrible Hours
this was a pretty good PPV with a big triple main event with classic battles such as Matt Hardy vs. Jeff Hardy and Edge vs. William Regal. The Main event includes rock vs. Chris Jericho and Austin vs. Angle the winner of those matches faces the each other later in the night. There was surprise ending at the PPV a huge upset see it to believe it!!!!
My parents first took me to see this when I was still in grade school. Years later, it is still a powerful movie for me.Some boorish person may call it boring. A few months ago, after I asked for this movie in a video store, the clerk proceeded to tell her co-workers what a sleeper this movie was after she tried to watch it after consuming mass-quantities of alcohol. Granted, it might not have the non-stop action that &quot;The Mummy&quot; has, but this is still a great movie.Two runners from 1920's Great Britain are highlighted in this film. A very brief sketch of their life trials as participants in the 1924 Olympics is the focal point. These are times that are not very familiar to most people, so this movie has value just in that aspect.I am not Jewish, so I could not personally appreciate that plight that Abrams had to go through. However, it was refreshing to me to see Abrams overcome the difficulties of anti-semitism in post-Victoria England.The other runner was Liddle, a missionary-turned-runner. He struggles to reconcile his beliefs with the pressures to compromise his entire value system.Watch this movie. Pay attention, and you will be rewarded with a gripping story of Abrams and Liddle, two forgotten sports heroes.
Most children enjoy a story where they find themselves knowing more than the main character and this is the perfect one.The main character, Stanley, a mouse, mistakes the moon riding low in the sky for a piece of cheese. This causes no end of funny moments that even my older children found amusing.
I would definatly say we're suffering a loss. A loss in change of sound. Each song is very very very similar to the last. Talented maybe, but not too good with varying sounds.
Poison Penmanship, The Gentle Art of MuckrakingIt's a pity this book hasn't been reprinted since Mitford's death in 1996. It's as timely as ever in this age of Milquetoast journalism and blind acceptance of the status quo.Penmanship is a collection of journal articles spanning Mitford's career which began, of course, with the groundbreaking and morbidly droll book "The American Way of Death" in 1963. My favorites are the infamous expose of The Famous Writers School, worth the price of the book alone, her bemusing and amusing stay at an Elizabeth Arden spa, and a little spat with a posh NYC restaurant which was obviously unaware of who they were trying to screw over.I just bought hardcover prints of PP (and immediately found my original paperback... but having 2 is no problem) and Hons and Rebels, an amusing and fascinating memoir of her early life. My copy of AWOD is the one acquired in high school in the early 1970s, a little worn but intact.This book should be reprinted!
As a thirty-something bookworm who enjoyed the Harry Potter books I've been making an effort to add more young novels (classics and new stuff) to my reading list. I'm so glad I chose this one. You'll be dreaming of Venice by the end of the frst chapter. It is simply enchanting.
Stuffed in a box with peanuts, I still wonder how it survived. But, it did! Bent- because the pot was not attached to the box anywhere, it came alive and is starting to straighten out, except for the one small broken top branch. It is vibrant green, and even better than I expected, except for the dirt everywhere. THX! I recommend that the seller learn how to wire the pot to the bottom inside flaps (it is not difficult), as this would achieve arrival of a perfect plant.
I almost stopped using this product after a few days. I'm glad I kept using it.I already eat a relatively high fiber diet, about 35 grams a day through green leafy vegetables, legumes, etc. However, I wanted to add a few more grams of *soluable* fiber to my diet because of the positive health benefits. Many of the other types of fiber supplements contain ingredients that I don't like. Regular Metamucil uses psyllium husks that always make me feel like I'm swallowing sand paper. Benefiber apparently uses wheat dextrin.Metamucil Clear & Natural uses inulin and is mostly soluable fiber. Inulin is derived from chicory roots. Chicory root is often used as a coffee substitute.So I started to use the Metamucil Clear & Natural. In warm water, it mixed up very nice with no residue. I could not detect any taste, and it had the mouth feel of drinking a Snapple (just slightly thicker than water but very pleasant).I started with 5 grams (one teaspoon) for a few days. On the second day, I had some bloating. On the third day, the bloating was pronounced and I also had uncomfortable constipation (sorry, but you need to know, and if you're reading this I figure you can handle it). I'm glad I continued, because after about four - five days, this stuff really works. I use 10 grams a day now (one teaspoon, twice a day), and this stuff is great. No more bloating, and everything else is great too.
Hands down the best FPS available for the GBA. It was the 6th FPS released for the system. Duke Nukem Advance brings all the attitude and fire power to the small screen in a richly detailed FPS. The game feautures 4 exotic locations taking you to Area 51, the Temple of Amun in Egypt, the streets of Sydney, Austrailia, and an alien ship orbiting earth. The game feauters 10 fun weapons from your mighty boot to a shrink ray. All of the classic enemies from the original Duke Nukem 3D are intact with a few welcome editions. This is not only the best FPS for Game Boy but, in my expert opinion, the best game for Game Boy! This is definitely top-notch stuff!
I must be in a time warp. The Boogeyman 2 I just received stars John Carradine and is directed by Bruce Starr & Ulli Lommel. It is nothing like the movie description reviewed by the others. Where did this one come from? It looks like a low budget movie from the 1970's. (Is it??) I just finished watching Boogeyman (which I liked), and popped Boogeyman 2 in the machine to continue what I thought would be a similar story. The version I have is horrible. I actually wish the Boogeyman would come out of the closet and take this DVD with him.
This book is a good debut effort by Suzanne Chezin. She brings an insiders look to the world of firefighting and arson investigation. There is a good dose of realism in her story. She has created some finely drawn characters and has handled a couple of potential cliched situations with aplomb. She makes a lot of references to the inner workings of FDNY and they all ring true. I would have liked a little more procedural detail on the arson investigations, but maybe she will develop that with future works. This story incorporates investigation techniques, fire fighting, financial chicanery, a budding romance, single parenthood, interdepartmental rivalries and blends them all together in a story that works. All in all the novel was original, the writing was crisp and the characters were believable. A good first outing.
My boyfriend loves these earbubs.I wanted to find an all black iPod skin and red ear-buds. I succeeded!This product is great, very simple, and durable! Love the bold colors.I got myself the ones in blue!
My daughter is 18 months old and takes this toy apart every time she plays with it. She pulls the pegs out and puts them in her mouth. Then she tosses the shapes everywhere. Not exactly a sorter! Just a mess. Save your money!
Rory was always one of my favorite guitar players, I think this was his best work. It captured the energy of his live performances. He plays Electric, Acoustic, Harmonica, and Mandolin on this CD.
Lindsay Lohan's singing is just plain awful. She sounds like she's trying way too hard to sound "raw" and "angsty". I tried listening to all the tracks on this album but after the third song I gave up. The first three trcks sound identical, and the fact that she had the nerve to do a remake of Stevie Nicks' "Edge of Seventeen" just really gets under my skin. Stevie Nicks has class AND talent, 2 things which Lohan lacks completely, so to ruin a song that was perfectly fine just the way it was seriously irks me. Skip this garbage entirely and check out Stevie Nicks instead. You won't be disappointed.
This film puts a new twist on the standard robot movies. Somewhere between I Robot and the Stepford Wives. I found it very interesting in premise and filled with good performances through out. It's not one of the dazzling special effects laden thrill ride so many movies are today, it doesn't try to be or need to be. Perhaps because it tells a story and has a plot, it doesn't need to rely on an overload of special effects to hold the audiance. While I have some minor criticisms of the storyline, overall it was well written and Willis gives a strong performance as an "everyman" trapped in a world where he doesn't necessarily fit in. So if you're looking for a good thought provoking movie, I think you'll enjoy this. If you're looking for flashy non stop special effects, you might want to look elsewhere. Four stars. Good job.
This is probably the best era of priest ever... and this concert is amazing. Rob Halford's vocals are perfect, and the guitar work is excellent aswell.Every Priest fan should own, or at least see this show.
I must agree with everyone else - Vegas was the bomb! MTV picked the perfect formula for this season: 7 attractive roommates, a killer location, and lots of alcohol = mad drama and sex! This cast gets things shaking from the very first episode and it pretty much keeps on through the whole season. The whole Steven & Trishelle "relationship" going back and forth, Alton and Irulan hooking up and all of the conflict that results, Brynn's jealousy about different things and her lashing out, Frank who was the nice guy who cut loose, and last but never least my girl Arissa who was the hotheaded sistergirl from Boston who always brought the drama. The Real World is the starting point from which all of these new (terrible) "reality" shows have come and I always feel like they're completely contrived and phony but the Vegas season seemed to really give you a true look into these peoples' lives at that time. The setting was great too - I've stayed at the Palms hotel and it is one of the coolest spots in Vegas for younger people. The only negative thing I can say about this DVD is that MTV replaced the original music that they used when the show aired with the WORST, CORNIEST music I've ever heard (see the part where Brynn auditions to be a go-go dancer - the music is ridiculous!). Other than that you need to buy this DVD!
Game will not run on my H P. Dangerous Hunt and Deer Hunt 2005 work just fine. Not much help from activision. Don't buy it. Dangerous hunt is great!
Aaron Lansky tells us about a lot more than just his efforts (and those of his many, many supporters) to rescue Yiddish books. He interweaves his stories with a history of Yiddish language, culture, and literature. Although these brief history lessons are not nearly as entertaining as his anecdotes of traveling around the globe (although mostly to New York) to collect the books, put together they make for an engaging, even enlightening read.
I got this scale last year and was initially happy with my purchase. When I was searching for a scale to purchase, I liked all the special features this model had, but admittedly, after a week of using it, all I cared about was hopping on it each morning to see my progress.From the moment I removed it from the box,the biggest problems with this scale were as follows:- Digital meter is difficult to read - black numbers on a dark grey background. At night, even with a light on, it can be difficult to see clearly.- Frequently does not calculate weight, and user gets an error 'E' message. Sometimes you have to weigh yourself 3-4 times before you get a weight.- This scale is often VERY slow to give you a number. You have to stand there while it computes. If you have to problem listed above, it can be very frustrating to wait over and over for the scale to work.Here's where my problems got worse. Recently, the scale started spitting out random numbers. Occasionally, the numbers are smaller than what they should be, but usually, the numbers are anywhere from 10-50 lbs. higher than reality. I can step on the scale 3 times and get 3 completely different numbers. This occurs even when the scale is sitting on a flat surface. Moving it does not help. I am currently contacting the manufacturer for warranty info.Overall, I would not buy this scale again. It's hard to read, finicky about giving out 'E' errors and slow to work. If I could do it again I would go non-digital and with something simpler.
&quot;Death Curse of Tartu/Sting of Death&quot; is brilliant no-budget, no brainer entertainment! &quot;Tartu&quot; is overly familiar to those who watched it on Saturday afternoon creature features, the REAL find is &quot;Sting of Death.&quot; Breath-taking color photography (looks like it was shot yesterday!), along with swingin' Sixties babes make this essential to the trash fan. And that monster! A barely disguised wet suit with the actor's feet sticking through the flippers, with a deflated platic bag for a head!!! Larry Buchanan would turn away this beastie on a bad day, I tells ya!
I WILL AGREE WITH ANYONE WHO SAYS THIS MOVIE IS GREAT BECAUSE IT IS. IT'S A WONDERFUL COMEDY WITH A UNIQUE CHARM ALL IT'S OWN. JIMMY STEWART'S PERFORMACE WAS FILLED WITH AN INNOCENT CHILD-LIKE WONDER, AT TIMES OBLVIOUS TO THE REALITY AROUND HIM AND AT TIMES, BEMUSED AND CONFUSED BY PEOPLE'S REACTIONS TO HIS FRIEND, THE INVISIBLE 7 OR 8 FOOT TALL WHITE RABBIT NAMED HARVEY, WHO, CAN STAND ON TWO LEGS, AS EVIDENCED BY THE PORTRAIT OF JIMMY AND HARVEY THAT HANGS IN THE DRAWING ROOM OF THEIR HOUSE.THERE ARE GREAT PERFORMANCES ALL AROUND IN THIS FILM, THE DIRECTION AND WRITING AND PHOTOGRAPHY AND LIGHTING GUYS ALL DID A GREAT JOB. THE EXTRAS WHO HAD NON SPEAKING ROLES AND THE ACTORS WHO HAD BIT PARTS ALL DID A GREAT JOB. EVEN THE EXTRAS HAD TO REACT TO THE INVISIBLE RABBIT. HENRY KOSTER DIRECTED THIS FILM BUT IT COULD HAVE EASILY BEEN MISTAKEN FOR A FRANK CAPRA COMEDY.THERE ARE TWO GREAT SIGHT GAGS IN THIS AMONG, AMONG OTHERS. ONE IS IN A DEN WHERE JIMMY'S AUNT IS CALLING A JUDGE TO HAVE HIM PUT IN A NUT HOUSE. JIMMY THEN ENTERES THE ROOM, INTERRUPTING HER CALL, SHE PUTS THE PHONE DOWN MOMENTARILY AND STARTS TO LEAVE THE ROOM AND THEN REENTER IT AS JIMMY SITS IN A CHAIR. A UNSEEN VOICE IS HEARD, SAYING, HELL? HELLO? JIMMY LOOKS UP AND SAYS, 'DID YOU SAY SOMETHING, HARVEY?" JIMMY'S AUNT LOOKS NERVOUSLY AROUND THE ROOM, FEARFUL THAT THIS STRANGE VOICE IS INDEED THE INVISIBLE RABBIT HARVEY WHOSE VOICE SHE MAY NOW BE HEARING. THE VOICE TURNED OUT TO BE THE VOICE OF THE AGITATED JUDGE ON THE TELEPHONE.ANOTHER FUNNY GAG IS JIMMY STEWART IN THE REAR OF A TAXI CAB. AS SOON AS THE CABBIE REALIZES JIMMY IS NUTS, WE SEE THR CABBIE IN THE FRONT SEAT QUIETLY REACHING FOR A PLUMBER'S WRENCH FOR PROTECTION AS HE HUGS IT CLOSE TO HIS CHEST, LOOKING NERVOUSLY BACK AT JIMMY IN THE REARVIEW MIRROR.BUY THIS DVD AND MAKE IT PART OF YOUR DVD COLLECTION. THE CHARACTERS AND THE PLOT WORK WELL HAND IN HAND FROM START TO FINSH. NEVER BORING.
I am happy to recommend this book, which first I read when I was an exchange student in England in 1974. I am pleased that it has been re-issued; it is a treasure. Peake's verbal and visual wit are fused in this work, a children's book that was clearly written as much for his own enjoyment as for any children with whom he might have shared it. The eponymous Captain is as bloodthirsty a buccaneer as any child might wish to emulate, and his crusty crew as colorful as any pirate ship worth its salt could hope to have. His quest is an aesthetic one, for an elusive, beautiful beast (that's Peake all over). One may be tempted to read too much into the story; but still, an adult may appreciate it on several levels without losing the joy that a child might feel on first seeing it, in all its baroque splendor.
I have always enjoyed reading Ms. Ivory's reworking of fairytales. This Cinderella/Pygmalion story is no different. The book is well thought out, well written, and the characters are very colorful. Nick and Winnie play perfect foil for each other. Nick is just such a likable guy, it is almost impossible not to like him. He has a definite carefree attitude and enjoys life, yet takes his obligation to his 14 younger brothers and sisters very seriously. A down-to-earth lead, honest in his feelings and his desires, is an enigma to Winnie. He is smart, though mostly uneducated, but whatever he does, he seems to excel at (even if his given profession is a ratcatcher).We have all met someone like Winnie. An average looking person, who has very little self-esteem. They view themselves as unattractive, though they are not necessarily so, they just lack the confidence to see beyond a few cruel remarks. Because she has always thought over herself as unworthy, and had been shunned by her family, Winnie feels the need to control everything in life. When things "go wrong" she feels guilty, as if she didn't plan it well enough. Basically a worry-wort. It is fun to watch Mick pick away at these barriers, letting Winnie enjoy herself, life and their growing love/attraction.The six weeks they spend making Mick into a gentleman is wonderful to watch unfold. I did feel that the ending was a bit rushed, both in length and in content. We know that there is something going on behind this wager to make Mick a gentleman, but the actual plot, when unfolded in the last few pages, seems contrived and wholly unrealistic. Mick should have been left as just a ratcatcher, Winnie love him anyway and that's the true moral of the story.
It was not as cheesy as I expected/sounded. Special effects were pretty nice and funny at times. I did not like what they did to Mr. Fantastic's hair though; it was very distracting: They either cut the sides very short or painted white for some reason and I was trying to figure out which one during the entire movie. I hope they make the 3rd one where Mr. Fantastic and Sue have the super baby.As far as the amazon.com instant streaming goes: I love the idea of renting movie like this. However, at times the picture quality suffered due to live traffic on the Internet I guess. Sometimes, the movie just paused in the middle with &#34;connecting&#34; message on the screen. But still, it was nice to be able to watch a movie at the exact time I wanted to do so.
A response to "Complicated and disappointing., April 5, 2006"A fellow Amazon customer posted a review of this watch on April 5, 2006, titled "Complicated and disappointing". This review contains several important mis-statements, which I wish to address>> Requires complicated sequencing 4 buttons to receive the signal... &lt;&lt;The button sequence to manually receive the time synchronization signal is not complex. Specifically it is: Hold down the D button for 2 seconds and release.Perhaps more importantly, this is only necessary if you wish to initiate a manual synchronization. Under normal circumstances one never has to do this as the watch will automatically synchronize itself every night.>> ... receive the signal which only applies to the tiny digital readout.... The analog face needs to be adjusted manually to match the digital readout &lt;&lt;This is the most important of the mis-statements that needs to be corrected. The auto-synchronization function of this watch applies to BOTH the digital readout and the analog face. It is actually quite amusing to watch the hands spin around when you first synch the watch.>> ...needs to be reset crossing time zones. &lt;&lt;This is misleading. It is true that when you enter a new time zone you need to tell the watch the new time zone you are in, but unlike other watches you do not need to adjust the time. Simply telling it the new time zone will cause the hands to whir around until it shows the correct time.>> ...The analog face needs to be adjusted manually to match the digital readout... &lt;&lt;As already stated, under normal circumstances this is never necessary>> The illumination is poor as it only lights the digital readout which is hard to read at night without [sic] glasses. The analog face relies on the old fashioned luminous paint which is not very satisfactory. &lt;&lt;This is a valid concern. The luminous paint is currently bright, but will certainly fade with time. The light on the digital readout is the old-fashioned front illuminated and NOT the superior back-illuminated (such as Indiglo as it is known on Timex pieces)>> The watch came with a metal strap too big for my wrist or any normal wrist. It is not adjustable [sic[ except by a jeweller [sic[ ($5) &lt;&lt;Also true. I too paid a jeweler $5 to adjust the strap.----Hope this helps clarify the issues concerning the pros and cons of this watch. For what it is worth I am VERY happy with my watch.
It's great original music with spanish flavor. If you like Armik, or Peter White you will love this one. Can't wait for the next album.
Jesse' Johnson's last effort with the Time is the best. My Drawers has got to be one of the most under-rated tunes EVER. I also loved Chili Sauce (with Prince playing the waiter?). The two commercial hits, The Bird and Jungle Love, cap off an outstanding effort.
This odd little book is essentially the interior monologue--though written in the third person--of an ailing old man in a rural Swiss village beset by dangerous storm. Man, as we're told somewhere along the way, appeared on Earth during the Holocene (present) era, quite late in the history of our tiny planet; the book is haunted with a sense of the infinite smallness and frality of the human race before the utterly impersonal will of nature. Personally, I could have done without all the scientific talk (much of the text is composed of geology articles that the narrator cuts out of various books), but it's still a fairly compelling read.
I would personally like to thank the Academy for giving out the Oscar to this year's WORST movie. I'd like to thank Jack for giving out the WORST performance in his lifetime career for being so stupid on screen, To Leo, Matt, Mark, Alec, & Martin Sheen for displaying some weak supporting role performances, and to Mr. Scorsese for winning his Academy Oscar for putting the word F**K into the vocabulary. We're so ashamed of you! Also, I'd like to thank WB Pictures for screwing everything up, And evidentally, this film should've won The Razzies Instead. also, Ooops-music cues to "Mr. Movieman" Don Lafontaine-I have to go...
Love to make bread by hand and get your hands in there for the kneading? check.Prefer to get out your mixer and a dough hook to speed up the process? check.Wanna use a good food processor with a dough blade? check.Wanna do mix and match depending upon what mood you are in? Check.Every recipe tells you how to make bread by hand, with a processor, or with a mixer that has a dough hook. Now THAT is helpful! It will even tell you how to make it into loaves or rolls in many recipes...it's not hard to read by any means, just a very big "bread bible" that covers all bases. Sometimes I even start the bread in my Cuisinart then do the second kneading by hand. The way it's written, I easily can.No matter what loaf or roll or baquette you are in the mood to cook, this book gives you the directions on how to do it the way you want to with surprisingly simple directions and flawless results. There is everything from cornbread to white bread to french breads to cheesebreads to artisan breads...it's quite extensive.This book is uber thick at almost 700 pages so there is no bread recipe overlooked. I compared many cookbooks when I recently got into my breadmaking obsession phase and this was the easiest to follow with the best directions and now I can thankfully say also perfect results.Sometimes I take a cookbook down a star if nutritional info isn't included because I, like many people these days, do look at calories...and this does not include them. However, breads have typically so few ingredients that it's easy enough for me to plug into a computer program and figure it out. So I wanted to point that out as, ideally, I'd like it to be there but it wasn't a big deal to me on bread recipes as much as it is my main recipes. There isn't much variation in calories for many breads anyway.I cannot imagine the amount of time the author spent creating this cookbook trying out all best methods of bread making and I am happy my family now reaps the rewards!! There is no better comfort than a house that smells of fresh bread other than topping a hot piece with butter and eating it...it can easily become an addictive hobby.And I will note, if you wish to use a food processor with a dough blade (dough blades aren't sharp so they don't cut the gluten) these recipes are more simple to follow with just as good of results or better as some other recipes I've tried from other books that were far more extensive and required way more steps.I haven't bought a loaf of bread in months and the recipes are so easy to follow that I also haven't had one bad loaf yet! I can't tell you how much better a sandwich or toast is on fresh, yeasty, homemade bread with no artificial ingredients or preservatives. It's my Saturday fun...bread baking.
For those of you who are worried about getting this set because it might not have the special features from the individual Naked Gun discs, don't worry. All three movies in the set have the same commentaries and trailers from the previously released DVDs. So not worth the double-dip for those that have the flicks already, but for the cost conscious new buyer of the Naked Guns, a great value for three great movies and all the special features from before.
This is my 3rd. I don't even notice it on the lens. I suppose it is supposed to improve the picture but I am not sure I can really tell. My main reason to have it is protection. I lost my first 2 from a collision and a drop. My lens was saved both times as this took the hit. Best purchase I every made for my lens.
This book follows two story lines. The most obvious, of course, is in the title. Who, indeed, killed the curate? By the time you have finished the book, you will have the answer. The second, and much more interesting story line, follows the seemingly empty-headed, twenty-one year old socialite Lady Lupin after she meets and quickly marries a man no one would have ever thought she would find attractive. The man in question is a 43 year old vicar of a small church in a small town. This second story line follows her somewhat difficult adjustment to life in a small town as a young vicar's wife. This is why I rated the book as deserving four stars. The author writes convincingly of Lady Lupin missing her easy-going, fun-seeking single life in London while still finding the sacrifice worth while in her happy marriage.If you are looking for a tight, logical, and riveting mystery, you probably want to keep looking. However, if you like a bit of a cozy British mystery with character development, look no further. The author introduces us to Lady Lupin and her husband, but you also get to know some other characters that I hope make an appearance in the subsequent novels written by this author. Further, I enjoyed the setting-- England in the late 1930's I believe-- and through the authors writing of the story, I got to know what life was like during that time.
No es un tipico disco de salsa del Nueva York de los 70 y ello parece incomodar a algunos puristas, ya que al parecer el senor Blades cometio el pecado de romper las etiquetas y se ha atrevido a explorar mas alla de un solo genero. El disco se llama MUNDO, y de entrada la cosa no podria estar mas clara. Con este disco, Blades ha demostrado que no solo es un excelente salsero, sino un gran musico y compositor.Si les gusta la salsa dura, pero de la misma manera disfrutan de un buen tango de Susana Rinaldi, del flamenco del Camaron, del samba de Beth Carvalho o Martinho da Vila y de otros generos que la mal etiquetada "world music" nos ofrece, entonces este disco les encantara. Pero si la salsa dura, el reggaeton y la salsa de formula que se baila en Miami es mas lo suyo, entonces mantenganse alejados de este disco, ya que no lo van a disfrutar.
Great for bath. Prompt service. I buy from Amazon frequently and trust them. Thank you.
I bought this album because of all the hype that the other reviews gave it. At the time I looked all over for it and couldn't find it... When I got it, my view on it is that it is a great album, not worth all the hype, but definately a great album. The singers or the recording sounds as if it is a bunch of campfire women with great voices. Most of the songs do not have instrument, and is just the womans singing. I think that is called stelleto?I call this album "earthy" because unlike Libana (a group I would highly suggest and even moreso then this album) with their voices that sound like a chorus of angels at times... the woman in this album sound like a magickal group of woman around a fire. It is music that makes you feel like you should be singing along to it, or that you are watching respected wisewoman tell you the meaning of life! This is music for a coven or for the times we want to be reminded how we are magickal in an everyday way. And that the everyday ways are truly enough.
This is one of the few brands that have treats appropriately small enough for my Chiuaua-mix. But, having been the owner of a large dog, these would also be great for training large dogs. Dogs don't really have a sense of size- they're as happy with a small bite as a much larger treat! And you don't want you're dog to be too busy chewing when you want to keep his/her attention and repeat a behavior. These treats are just the right size!
A Short History of Byzantium was a compelling read. The book covers a tremendous amount of ground while keeping the overall story somewhat condensed. This was my first history of Byzantium and it was recommended to me by a friend who is a professor of history as a good introduction. The book not only taught the history, culture and achievements of the time, but excited my interest in all things Byzantine. This is one of my favorite books of all time for all it taught me and all it excited me to go on learning. I hope it will mean as much to you as it has to me.
I took these out to some dark skies recently and they were increadible, stars looked like i could touch them, crisp pinpoint stars all around. These were easy to use will laying on my back, however, i must say while standing or sitting up a tripod is recommended to steady the view as they are heavy for hand held observing. I picked up a sturdy but inexpensive tripod with use with these binos which has made it possible to use for birding or bison watching in Yellowstone. The price is terrific i could not find them any cheaper but plenty out there way more expensive. Get these and with the saved cash pick up a tripod and you will be on your way to some great viewing.
Loved these a lot, great bang for the buck, literally. The bass response is excellent and they a good job of blocking outside noise. But i'm already on my 2nd pair in less than a year, they could be a bit more rugged. Until i find something better, to date, these are the best value for money in earbuds i've come across.
After the truly dissappointing and heart breaking &quot;Risk&quot;, Megadeth are back to the form on their latest. With a sound somewhere in between Countdown to Extinction and Rust in Peace, its refreshing to hear a band with great solos, jack hammer riffs and excellent fast drumming in this day and age. While the songs are no where near as accessible as the last three 'deth disks, there are some catchy tunes such as Moto Psycho, Promises and Recipe for Hate. If nu metal is your thing then dont bother with this one. But if you have a soft spot for classic virtuoso metal and hard rock, then you will truly love this one.
When it works, it works great. When it doesn't work you pull your hair out troubleshooting. Non-USB KVM switches do not have the myriad of conflicts/compatibility issues that USB switches have. Personally, I have hooked this device to four different systems and it worked smoothly on only one of them.After a ton of online research I found that the nVidia chipset USB seems to have trouble with the ATEN/IOGear line of KVM switches. The small benefit of USB KVMs does not outweigh their inherent burdens.
Despite what other people may think, this band is as listenable now as they ever were. It is bands that break the molds that always become great, and The Pixies broke all standards that were set in the decade of big hair and synthesizers. Grunge rock changed music in the early 90's, and this band inspired the grundge movement. As far as people's complaints to the lyrics, they should know that Black Francis never made a song to communicate a message really. He sang random syllables while he was writing the music and they eventually molded themselves into words. This album was their best. Although Doolittle came close, it lacks the depth and shock value of Surfer Rosa. Even bands today cover these songs live, and a fairly recent tribute album attracted all the big names of many genres. If you are a true music lover, you will find no trouble enjoying this album. It's the ones who only claim they appreciate good music who find it difficult.
(Sorry, English is not my mother-tongue.)This is a great relationship-book! You won't find boring advice that you need to be supportive to your partner, you need to cherish him / her as often you could... but straightly to the point, Cherie will tell you that you need to differentiate being supportive and controlling... etc.Those things commonly happened in our relationships, and it's nice to have someone reminded us to be a better person for our beloved one. Worth to collect. Recommended for you who're still single, also for married couple.I'm finished reading this book, but I still use this book as reference, when I feel my relationship start getting trouble. And however, it helps!
This is a well told story of an ill-fated Canadian exploration effort in the Arctic regions just before World War I. Vilhjalmar Stefansson (a polar explorer, anthropologist and author) leads an ill fated attempt to survey the Arctic (1913-1918) in hopes of claiming an Arctic continent under the polar ice cap for the Dominion of Canada. In his rush to be first, Stefansson poorly organizes, proceeds with an ill fated plan (or no plan at all) and eventually abandons one of his three ships locked in the polar ice. This is the true story of the heroic efforts of Capt. Robert Bartlett of the doomed ship Karluk and his struggle to walk across seven hundred miles of polar ice from Wrangell Island to Siberia and his return by ship to rescue the abandoned survivors and crew. There is madness, murder malingering...starvation, frostbite and death. Although, in his time Stefansson somehow managed to receive praise and avoid criticism for the realities of his abandonment of the Karluk, the true story of heroism and leadership is exemplified by Capt Bartlett. This author has done an excellent job in presenting a very suspenseful and thorough factual account of an amazing true tale. Readers of the histories of Shackleton, Amundsen, Scott and other polar explorers will not be disappointed. Readers without any previous readings on Arctic exploration will also be pleased with this amazing history that is capably researched and well presented. Read it near an open hearth fireplace or wrapped in a blanket as you're likely to freeze to death once you become immersed in the book!
Arthur Myers books are my favorite! Easy-to-read, enjoyable writing style paired with excellent layout is a knock-out! This book may have been published two decades ago, but it's still on the TOP of my ghostie bookcase!!! You will NOT regret buying this one!
I first listened to a song from this C.D. in a coffee shop in Spain. It was track 4 &quot;son amores.&quot; After listening to this song I immediatly asked the worker in the coffee shop who it was by. I then bought the mejores C.D. and I love every single sony on the C.D. The words are beautiful, the beat in the songs are awesome, and now I am going to buy the rest of the CD's. This is definitely the best C.D. that I own, and the first C.D. I have ever bought that I like every single song on. I would reccommend it to anyone studying Spanish or anyone who speaks Spanish. Me encanta. Ojala venga a los EEUU para hacer un concierto!
While I agree with many of Dobbs' points of view, this book was a lot of spouting of opinions and light on facts. He also couldn't seem to tie his rants into something cohesive. He would comment on something as if you're already supposed to know why it's a bad thing, rather than explaining why he thinks it is. Perhaps the abridgement of the audio book version was part of the problem. Dobbs is all over the place in terms of political theory. He's for big govn't in one area, against it in another. He wants free market solutions for some things, yet drips venom every time he mentions "corporations" as if their mere existance is in itself evil.Finally, he takes the easy way out on some issues. While urging us to put aside "wedge issues" that keep the parties at loggerheads, he mentions half a dozen issues but pointedly avoids mentioning abortion, which is probably the defining "liberal vs conservative" issue out there. I suspect it was to avoid offending either side, since he positions himself in the middle politically, "above it all" in terms of the political struggle.Sometimes you can't put it in words, but this book was just unimpressive and I was disappointed. I hoped to be more informed by it.
As a newcomer to the world of RV's I found this book both interesting and disquieting. Many of my intial observations as I moved through RV parks in the West last fall were confirmed. Others were better understood. But better yet, for a retired engineer, they were quantified. How do I compare to others in age, money, marital status? Are my thoughts as I select a park similar to others? How many people travel with dog and/or cats? How much does it cost?It also helps me understand what motivates people who stay at Quartzite or the Slabs. (Cultural/societal phenomenons that are hard to believe.) It draws clearer pictures of the aging couples I see and what brought them to where they are. It also shows where they're going in their life. It describes &quot;trailer trash&quot; in loving terms.In other words, its a study of retirement and eventually death. Its uniqueness is that it focus on RVers, specifically the fulltimers.The scholarly style may put some readers off but in my opinion, if you are thinking of selling the farm and fulltiming, you need this book before you buy that 40 foot motorhome. Or if you just want to head south in the winter, or camp by the lake near home you should have this book to understand the people around you. And even if you don't plan to have an RV ever, this will tell you about retired life, maybe more than you realy want to know.
This movie is highly entertaining and just plain fun. It isn't intended to be an epic, like Spartacus or Cleopatra. It's simply fun.In many ways, this movie is reminiscent of Coyote and Road Runner, but with Kirk Douglas and Arnie Swartzenegger in the lead character roles. It is very camp, and if you enjoy comic camp, this is a really entertaining film. It does not allow itself to fret over such trivialities as political correctness. It just sets out to be loony fun. And for the purpose it seeks to achieve, it does so wonderfully.If you want good, hearty laughter, you could do far worse than this modest little film. Good clean fun and sappy slapstick all the way. Certainly you will agree, if you see this movie, that the outlaw's horse is much smarter than his master.The purpose of film is to entertain, and this little sleeper can deliver. This is not a movie for everybody, but those who appreciate camp should enjoy it.
Chris Rea, a British singer and slide guitar player is not very well known in the US. But he has for sure won over the hearts of the Europeans. His songs are very popular in Eastern Europe. Germans like it a lot. The song from this album "Every second counts" has to be a hit in France, because it reflects so much a French attitude towards life. It is also very British and tongue-in-cheek. "Auberge" is a quintessential European album. This is a relaxing blend of soft rock and blues with some great haunting tunes. Great beat, fantastic deep voice, and meaningful lyrics are certainly an attractive combination. It will be a nice addition for any collection, particularly if you are kind of person who enjoys "Dire Straits".
It is a fun, uplifting movie. If you are a baby boomer it has special significance. If you are younger, well you can have a good time learning a bit about what it was like to be one and the child of one. I LIKE IT ! ...Oscar
There is no other mobster movie. There is no superlative extreme enough. The mount everest of mobster movies. If you are looking for an example of how to perfectly tell a saga of a family working out it's struggles and issues, much like any other family with the exception of careers, morality, power, principalities, and high finance, than this is your feature. This is one of the very select sequels that improves upon the oringal in almost every way; performance from the actors, set up of characters by the writer, and just plain drama from the story. The main reason for this is probably the fact that the first two installments is the telling of one novel. Puzo and Coppola basically split the novel &quot;The Godfather&quot; and made two movies from it. One did an adequate job, but it took the second to illucidate the saga. Based loosely on real mob families in New York, the orignal &quot;Godfather&quot; caused a sensation when it was premiered over three decades ago. Time is the ultimate test for a story, novel, or movie. The &quot;Godfather&quot; epic has only imporved with time. With other lesser attempts to re-capture the magic that Coppola recorded; it only stands out even more. Part III is a tribute to that often attempted failure. Even he could not recapture the splender that was the first two features. Maybe time, maybe actors, or maybe just that the saga was complete with two parts; can explain how the third part comes up short, or maybe the fact that part III was about money and lacked the passion of the first two. Regardless, you can throw away the disc, or tape for part III and you would still have the best story ever told in cinema. It has everything and is everything one could ever want. American, Italian, whatever, the &quot;Godfather&quot; is about humans. It covers all ethnicities and cultures; just plug in your own. The theme of family and economics and politics, are all timeless.I recommend the DVD because the VHS tapes will wear out with as many times as you will view the movies.
The Yoga Matrix attempts to offer a complete overview of the system of yoga. While it does address many key points, the information is often inaccurate and in some instances completely wrong.This CD is an extension of the American spiritual marketplace version of yoga as sold by Kripalu, Gaiam and many other fitness-oriented teachers. If a person were to visit India, the home of yoga, or even speak to a genuine yogi from India he/she would find that physical fitness and beauty are blockages on the yogic path and not goals. In America, yoga has lost nearly all of it's spiritual roots and become a glorified version of stretching and aerobics, anti-aging and beauty contests.Richard Freeman tries to offer a branch to the spiritual yoga of India in "The Yoga Matrix", however he falls short due to lack of knowledge, clear misinformation, and an idealistc romance about what yoga means to him.The entire first CD is dedicated to Richard's own romance with yoga as he paints an emotionally-vivid picture, projecting his own fantasy onto an ancient practice of rigorous self-purification. On many occassion I wanted to turn off the CD. However I resisted, hoping that once the honey moon was over, some real information would be presented.On CD 2, the tone did change as actual information about yoga began. Nothing new or extraordinary; only very basic information. Missing however was the goal of yoga - spiritual union, removal of ego, self purification. How could teachings on a spiritual discipline like yoga not be focused on spirituality? Google the word yoga or visit Barnes and Noble and you'll see the same problem. In India the word 'yoga' means union with the Divine or enlightenment. In America 'yoga' means stretching.As the CD set continued, the core of yoga did peak out here and there, but the large majority of the information was very superficial. This is not unexpected considering that Richard Freeman's audience is the American fitness yoga crowd. So I do give him credit for trying to awaken the American public to more yoga.The most shocking parts of this CD set came when Richard, an "authority on yoga", gave completely wrong definitions and descriptions of spiritual terms. Never have I heard some of the definitions he came up with. So I wonder who he studied with. It is apparent to me that Richard did not study with a genuine spiritual yogi or if he did, he misunderstood what he was being taught.I can understand if someone is unlearned of the deeper yogic practices and terminology. However when someone attempts to speak using traditional yogic terminology and even markets himself as an authority, he simply should know what the words mean. Calling prana "an imaginary energy" is appalling - especially considering the large amounts of science on chi, orgone, prana or whatever word it is called by. And devoting only 2 sentences to prana is shocking. Prana is the core of yoga; it should be emphasized, not minimized. Physical asanas open the prana pathways (nadhis); pranayama uses breathing, muscle locks (bandhas) and mental techniques to control and increase the prana; pratyahara gathers the prana to move it inward; concentration concentrates the prana in one location, and; samadhi is the union of consciousness and prana. In yoga, prana is the most important element and central to every stage of yoga practice.Saying that "amrita" is an emotional attitude is simply wrong. Misinformation like this should not happen, especially in the digital age when someone can Goggle these terms and in 60 seconds have a more accurate understanding than taught on this CD.So for everyone wanting to learn REAL YOGA (not stretching), I recommend studying those yogis who were famous in the 60s and 70s - those long-haired, wooly-bearded men who beamed light and love from their eyes. Look even further and you'll find monumental yogis like Ramana Maharshi, Ramankrishna, Dhyanyogi and Vivekananda. These men taught authentic yoga. They may not be well-sculpted Rodney Yee's or hyperactive Shiva Rea's, but they understood yoga and taught spiritual practices.In my studies of spirituality, I focused myself on the masters. I purposefully avoided reading books from those who reinterpreted the master teachers due to the unintentional but unavoidable misunderstandings and inaccuracies of secondary sources of information. Listening to The Yoga Matrix reminded of my decision.So for your next "authentic yoga CD" Sounds True, please find a real yogi and not someone famous for touching his toes. And please spare us the fantastical romance. It may sell books in America, but it is not yoga.Namaste.
I bought two of these and they are great. I will probably buy a couple more, because they are quite useful.
L'Album de Black Sabbath que vous devez poss&eacute;der (wharf !) absolument si vous tes fan de Blue &Ouml;yster Cult. Superbe d'un bout &agrave; l'autre et faites gaffe &agrave; ne pas retrouver avec l'ersatz sur lequel figure un titre live en plus. Non seulement, ce dernier gche tout, mais encore vous prive-t-il du chant a capella qui figure sur l'album vinyle original et qui vaut son pesant d'ail !!! R&eacute;-&eacute;coutez les riffs -qui n'ont jamais &eacute;t&eacute; aussi lumineux- de Tommy Iommi, entendez-les d&eacute;crire comment vous essayez de vous d&eacute;sengluer de la mare au Diable dans laquelle vous vous tes invit&eacute;s bien seul(e)(s). Vous tes bon(ne)(s) pour les sables mouvants et c'est si bon. Un album jouissif !!!
Let me say, that after this book, I as a person became fully aware of how adolescent my own writing was...this is a masterpiece; it moves a person emotionally and mentally so much, that you end up cradling the book in your arms and crying. Phantom is the best book I've ever read, and believe me, I've read TOO MANY. This book isn't worth $5.20. It's priceless...I hope you all enjoy it as much as I did...or litterally *cry* as much! This is a must for ALL phantom phans. If you've seen the musical or read Leroux's version, this is a refreshing and beautiful wholesome story. And it's the best...simply THE best.
I love white strippes for it different sound and how strange they are. ex husband and wife become brother and sister. hmmmmmmmmmm weirdo, but they artiest.
I love this soundtrack! I think you kinda have to see the movie to fully enjoy the album though. It is a wonderful unique film and Barbara Streisand did a wonderful job with the soundtrack music! I just bought this and the album is like 19 years old but still timeless music! Buy it...rent the movie! If you love Streisand you'll be happy with it!
I'm not sure how to feel about this book, other than I hated it.. I read this book while pregnant with my son. The information contained here was not of value to me. The authors either put down men or somehow gives the reader the idea that men are of no use or help to us when we're pregnant. The part about breastfeeding was somewhat interesting and useful, but nothing else in this book was of any use to me.
THIS DVD CAPTURES THE GREAT SOUTHERN ROCK SOUND FROM THE 70'S IN ALL IT'S RAW GLORY.PURE MUSICICAL ENERGY FROM THE HEYDAY OF SOUTHERN ROCK.WELL WORTH THE MONEY. THESE GUYS ROCK....
I became a KoRn fan a few months ago thanks to a friend of mine. One day she gave me some of the albums (KoRn, Life is Peachy, Issues) and I fell in love w/ every single one of them. This lead me to buy the other albums (Follow the Leader, Untouchables, Take a look in the mirror) and I fell in love w/ them too.Anyways, wen I found out that they were coming out w/ the greatest hits album, I knew I had to get it (mostly because of the covers) and I can safelly say, this album will not dissapoint. I never skipped a song, Not even the 50 seconds of giberish "Twist". Thats one thing I love about this band, they can take something like "Twist", all giberish w/ the word twist put in at some points, and make it the most catchy thing in the world.Needless to say, the covers are amazing. Korn has really out done themselvs with them."Word up!" made me want to jump up and dance, and the Pink Floyd cover "Another Brick in the Wall" was so0o well done.My only complain is its missing some really good songs (Faget, Helmet in the Bush, Daddy, Good God, Dead Bodies Everywhere...) but hopefully they will b on vol. 2.In short GET THIS ALBUM!! It also comes w/ a dvd of a live show!!
I've loved this movie and the music in it since first seeing it shortly after it was released. Recently I learned that many of the odd little events were not so far from reality being based upon real events in Django Reinhardt's life. The crescent-moon chair is very close to the star that Django had built but then was afraid to actually use. Just as Emmett Ray was a cleptomaniac the real-life Django was skilled at "informal procurement" and was pleased when his youngest son showed a talent for the same. :)I'm sure that none of us can even imagine the background that Django came from but Emmett Ray certainly brings to life a character that faced equally difficult challenges while having a rough start in life on the American side of the pond. Add in the "ego of genuius" and you have a volatile, yet delightful mix. I've known a lot of Jazz guitarists and Sean Penn's characterization of the fictional Emmett Ray is not all that far from reality.If you love music, especially Jazz guitar, you will probably enjoy this movie. Also, if you enjoy a character that is clueless, insanely egotistic and ultmately lovable, look no further than Sean Penn's portrayal of the American Django, Emmett Ray.
Being a fan of vintage instructional films like those featured in the EDUCATIONAL ARCHIVES collection, I had to buy this DVD when I learned that it included several "facts of life" movies from the 1940's. As it turns out, those short films are only a small part of the attractions on this very interesting disc. If you've always thought of exploitation films as schlocky productions with bad scripts and terrible acting, the movies included in this double feature will be a pleasant surprise. Be forewarned, however: there's some very graphic footage here, even by today's standards, showing stomach-turning close-ups of the effects of venereal disease and a step-by-step view of a Caesarean section being performed. Most of the images are in black & white, but it's still pretty strong stuff.The first film on the double bill, STREET CORNER, is an effective little drama about a young woman from a "respectable" household who finds herself alone and helpless when she becomes pregnant. With nowhere else to go, she makes a visit to the wrong side of town in hopes of solving her problem -- with disastrous results. The cast is quite good in this film, and I think the story would hold up very well even without the educational material presented near the end. It's definitely an above-average production. Film buffs will note that the main character is played by Marcia Mae Jones, a wonderful actress who gave an unforgettable performance as one of the schoolchildren in the 1936 drama THESE THREE.The second movie, BECAUSE OF EVE (The Story of Life), requires a bit of an explanation. If the prelude is to be believed, there were evidently three short educational films produced in the 1940's (one on VD, another on the biological details of reproduction, and a third on childbirth) that were incorporated into a conventional feature film with the goal of "getting the message out" to a larger audience. Thus we're treated to the story of a young couple engaged to be married who visit their friendly doctor. The doc almost shatters their wedding plans by revealing some shocking information about their past indiscretions, but everything turns out okay after he shows them some spirit-lifting sex education films. Again, though, this isn't just another throwaway exploitation picture. The plight of the couple is believeable, and the content of the educational films is actually quite bold and straightforward.This DVD edition also features a short movie in color that takes things a step further by showing the birth of TRIPLETS as well as a circumcision (ouch!). The rest of the supplemental material is comprised of movie trailers and audio commentaries by noted exploitation producers. One of the producers, David Friedman, supplies a reasonable facsimile of the hygiene lecture/book pitch that was given during the intermission when the films were originally screened. If I had prepared this DVD, however, I think I would have opted for a simple voice-over of the speech accompanied by still photographs from the era. The modern color video sequence, inserted in the middle of the black & white movie, sort of disrupts the vintage feel of the story.As mentioned earlier, there are some surprisingly explicit scenes in these movies, so I wouldn't recommend this DVD for the squeamish. However, if you're interested in history, forties pop culture, or if you simply enjoy educational material from a more innocent time, these entertaining films offer a fascinating peek at a period when America was undergoing some significant social changes.
Needing to replace my really ancient Visioneer scanner for importing 35mm slides and negatives into CS2 at a higher quality, I settled on the buying either the Canon 8600F or the 4400F. As I see it, the 8600F is an industrial-strength version of the lightweight 4400F, but costs about $70 more. The 8600 is somewhat bigger and weighs 50% more than the 4400F, but otherwise they're pretty much identical in capabilities and operation. In fact, Canon's website shows identical sales blurb for both the 4400F and the 8600F. The supplied software (CanoScan Toolbox, ArcSoft PhotoStudio, NewSoft Presto PageManager, ScanSoft OmniPage SE) are identical for both the 4400F & the 8600F. The PS Elements 5.0 included with the 8600F was not important since I use CS2. The only unknown is what exactly is the difference between the 8600F's "built-in FARE Level 3 retouching technology" and the 4400F's "built-in retouching technology." I suspect it's nearly the same. So I bought the 4400F from Amazon (best price).Installation was a snap and the first scan came out as expected. A bit slow, but all decent resolution scans are slow regardless of who makes the scanner unless you want to spend big bucks. The only negative is the lack of a power button on the 4400F (if you're like me, you'll always forget to pull the plug when you've finished scanning). Although it'd be easy to put a switch on the power cord, the switch would have to be located near the plug socket, so a switch really wouldn't be all that much helpful.The net of all of this is that if you plan to do some really heavy-duty scanning and also would like to utilize Photoshop Elements 5.0 for image enhancing, go with the 8600F. Otherwise, use the 4400F.My crude comparison of Canon's 8600F and the 4400F:-----------------------------8600F---------4400FWeight:-------------------- 9.3 pounds---6.2 poundsHeight:--------------------- 4.9 inches---3.3 inchesWidth:--------------------- 11.3 inches--10.2 inchesDepth:--------------------- 18.6 inches--18.7 inchesOn/off button------------- yes------------noPhotoshop Elements 5.0- yes------------no ($43 @Vio)Built-in FARE Level 3----- yes-------------?retouching technologyCost:---------------------- $160--------- $92
Lewis's work here is not a sweeping apologetic of the Christian faith. That being said, it does provide an insightful commentary on the worldview of the modern Christian. Despite a few chapters that are dry, the author's style of writing is very enjoyable. Lewis knows how to be whimsical while dealing with serious issues.Lewis is no fundamentalist, and he solicits an informed faith. He argues effectively that the Christian worldview is a very worthy one indeed.But the greatest accomplishment of this book is that it brings all the major ideas and theology of the Christian faith together into one concise and understandable volume. I know of no other book that has so succeeded in that task.
From my wife Sarah: I heard Mr. Piper on a radio interview and was struck with his sincerity. He had the sound of an honest man who had undergone something huge and lifechanging. Unless he was an incredible, major league actor on the level of Meryl Streep, he had to be telling the truth about something he had really experienced.Since I don't really believe it was probable that a layperson could act at such a high level while maintaining a good reputation as Mr. Piper has, this got me interested. I bought the book and couldn't put it down. It was lifechanging. It seems completely to be in line with scripture, and in fact Mr. Piper gives scripture to support his experiences.When my dad died, I read the section on his death experience over and over. It gave me so much comfort, and I was so grateful to have this peek into the afterlife.I want to address the comment about the section on Mr. Piper's heaven experience being seven pages long. I don't know the exact length but I can tell you that those pages make this book worth every penny. I'd love to read more, but that's what it took Mr. Piper to describe his heaven experience and it was amazing. The rest of the book tells you who he was before the accident, the accident itself, and what happened to him after. This is also worth reading.I absolutely recommend that everyone buy this book.
I have been studying Sparta a long time and I must say that Ms. Hughes, who is usually first rate, goes out on a limb a number of times here. The book which the documentary is roughly based on does likewise. I didn't write down all of my problems with the film, so I'll hit on just a couple. First, I have never heard anyone in any of my grad classes or in any of the books I've read state that there was compulsory homosexuality in Sparta. Everything I've learned points to the Spartans following the rest of the Hellenes in accepting bisexuality and frowning on homosexuality. It would not make sense that they would make it compulsory when a declining population was always a major concern. Also, Spartiates did not have to each slay a helot every year, but it was part of the "graduation" process from the agoge. If there were 10,000 Spartiates and they killed a helot every year, the serf population would be exterminated. Helots were not slaves in the proper sense, since they were not privately owned. They were more like the serfs of medieval Europe. That doesn't take away from the fact that they led horrible lives, but so did many slaves in many other polises. I believe that the fact that they were Hellenes and that the Spartans were criticized for taking them only makes the other polises hypocrites. It was alright to put entire poulations of fellow Hellenes to the sword, but God forbid that they were made into slaves. In fact, for a LONG time Athens had NO PROBLEM with having the institution of debt slavery.The Spartiate did more than fight. He was assigned a plot of land to oversee with some bound helots to work it and the proceeds were to be shared for the common good, since economically Sparta was a communist state.Hughes hardly mentions at all the democratic element of the Spartan Constitution, which predates Athens' democracy by a number of years. Each year the Apella (assembled voting citizens...male full Spartiates)got together in a field and voted for and elected their Ephors, of whom there were five...one for each of the villages which combined to make Sparta. The Ephors then made the laws, but the POINT is that the citizens decided who they wanted to make their laws for them, it wasn't imposed upon them.I also got a bit sick of the constant attempts to make the Spartans out as ancient nazis. In many ways the connection does not fit. For one thing, the Spartans by and large were not interested in foreign conquest. They were too insular.Finally, Sparta did not want the Pelopennesian War. No where did Ms. Hughes mention Athenian aggression at Corcyra and it's subsequent war with Corinth, which drew Sparta in because of it's alliance with the Corinthians. If anything, the Spartans waited too long to try to curb Athenian aggression. Pericles KNEW that Athens would have to fight Sparta sometime, so he provoked a war when it suited him...only it backfired when the plague struck.
They had two sons: now they have one. It used to be Conrad and Buck, but now it is just Conrad. What do parents feel like when one of their children gets killed in a freak boating accident? And how does the one that survived feel?Conrad Jarrett was a normal teenager. He liked to swim and chase girls. He had good grades, often, A's. But before this book starts something drastic happens. His older brother drowns is a boating accident. He was on the same boat, and yet he survived. He tries to commit suicide, but fails. He has been through many shrinks and almost a year at the hospital. Now he is back at school: the A's have gone to D's and he has withdrawn and become very secluded.This tells about him getting out of the shell. It almost seems like his parents keep him in the shell. His mom makes him feel unwanted, and his father makes him feel too loved. But this story is not only Conrad's: it is the story of his family of not so `ordinary people', changing after their oldest son dies. The story really touches your heart and makes you think.......
This camera has a lot going for it. It's easy to use, easy to understand, and easy to buy film and batteries for. I bought this camera as a gift for my sister and took a test roll of film with it. The pictures came back sharp and the flash worked perfectly. The only thing keeping this camera from getting 5/5 is it's minimum focus distance, about 6 feet.
What happened? No inspiration what so ever can be heard on this BS! No great musical arrangements or lyrical content. Badu would have never gotten anywhere if this were her debut CD. Save your money. Don't even get a bootleg of this stinker.
After a string of great power pop/rock albums, Steve started to slow down the music after the release of ONE ON ONE.His first two LPs, "Sayin' It With Love" and "Start Believin'" were terrific pop records. Then he added some hardcore lyrics with "Fire and Ice" and "Shake Me To Wake Me" which were excellent. ONE ON ONE is a notch down from those highs but still a great recording.Then he got divorced, got sad but kept recording. Feeling he had let down God, he got under "the law" and got "mad" at the church who turned their back on him so he got made at THEM and started pointing the finger.The result was--for the most part--a serious of bland albums (ABANDONED TO GOD, et al) which more or less document Steve's own grief.But ONE OF ONE and the ones previously mentioned--and "Taking Heaven By Storm" and "It's a Dyin' World" -- are pop/rock at its finest, with much joy and conviction in them.If only Steve had "camped" out under God's mercy, joy and grace...
This product is not real compact, however, it does adjust to a short stick when fully folded. It is made well and allows for me to position my I-Pad into several positions for viewing. It is built tough.
A friend in the fish-pond-building business recommended this to me, with this exact size, and I couldn't find it in any aquatic stores in our area so purchased it on Amazon. It was the cheapest online price I found. We have an indoor pond which holds about 200 gal of water and this works perfectly. Set it on a good surface that it won't vibrate on, though. It's very quiet and powerful, perfect for our size pond.
GOOD READING, RATHER WELL WRITTEN AND INTERESTING PLOT. SUSPENSE IS UP TO THE END.VERY INTERTAINING AND EASY TO READ
I was expecting another Mexican movie bashing white culture. But the fact it was in English rather than Spanish I thought it may have been a offshoot of the dust theory being pushed by some religions. Whatever my mistakes were I watched it through because it continued to baffle me like a mystery story and I couldn't figure out what was going to happen next. So much for my stupid reasons for watching it.The movie was brilliantly done. It was about a shy handsome Mexican writer posing as an Italian writer whose quest to get live off a blonde hair blue eyed American woman in order to finance his writing career was thwarted when he met a Mexican prostitute who was in the United States illegally and serving drinks in a bar. A fiery relationship resulted when she is attracted to him due to his Mexican features. He is attracted to her for the same reason and eventually gets over his shyness for women and falls in love with her and vows to make her into a legitimate American citizen and marry her. The movie portrayed the landscape beautifully and had many historical elements. I had no idea for instance that Florida had an earthquake or that the dust problem we have in Los Angeles today was also considered a problem is 1933. As today the industrial age's pollution on palm trees was also an aspect of the movie. This was a gutsy movie showing the biases of many American cities against Mexicans and Jews. I value this movie as another voice in the ethnic battles which have taken over the politics in the United States today. This movie attempts to address many issues at once. Birth deformities is another issue aired in this movie. Whether you fully understood the movie or not the attempt to recreate the 1933's was masterfully accomplished and the historical value well worth it.
Like everyone else who has reviewed this series, I loved it. I was already a big fan of Damien Lewis (since Band of Brothers) but he is joined here by a great supporting cast and the perfect match for his partner. I have watched a lot of cop partnerships on TV and in movies and I would rate this one the top of the heap, especially for male/female combinations. Lewis' character, Charlie Crews, is a fascinating blend of quirky Zen dude and heavy duty strong-arm LA cop and his partner, Dani Reese is an equally intriguing mix of seductive femininity and hardboiled police expertise. Together they keep you totally involved in each episode, even when the plotlines tend to get a bit bizarre and convoluted. I also liked that the growing trust and affection between them was not of the romantic variety (Dani has a thing going with their captain, played well by Donal Logue, although how long it might last I guess we will never know) and I especially loved the humor throughout the series.The stories are uniformly interesting although a few times they veered a bit too much into the weird and unintelligible for my taste. However, I had no trouble overlooking that since I enjoyed the interaction of the characters so much. Damien Lewis is an underused gem in a business full of boring leading men who can hardly be distinguished one from another. The great tragedy of this series is that it has not been renewed for a third season that it so richly deserves. I deplore the shortsightedness of the network, as do all Life's fans (see other reviews) and if NBC or the alternative options in cable had any sense, someone would snap up this wonderful series and give it a new lease on "Life".
...to rate this book so low. I am a long time fan of Jack Higgins having enjoyed his books since I was a teen. I don't know if the writing has deteriorated or maybe my tastes have matured, but I could not finish this book. The plot was stale, the dialouge staged and it just failed to generate any suspense at all. Maybe it's time for the Sean Dillon series to end, I know there are several more after this. Whatever happened to the Martin Brosnan character? He and Dillon have an old score to settle. Now that would make an interesting book.
When i saw the previews for this movie, it looked really good... and i only went to go see it, cuase i love Willem Dafoe and Robert Redford... but this movie freakin sucks! The writing sux, even the acting is low par... I mean, the acting is good on Dafoe/Redfords roles, but it doesn't make the movie any better... and how it's filmed is weird too... there's constant flashbacks, and it's hard to connect the dots in this one, to follow the story... you have to watch it like 2-3 times in order to follow... it's not a hard to understand movie... it's just how it flows that's weird...it's like sequenced wrong or something.. you can take a movie that has total unknown actors in it and that movie turns out to be the best damn thing you ever saw!! and then you can take a movie like "The Clearing" and throw in 2 household name actors, but have that movie totally bomb, which is what it did where i'm from (i'm from NY, and it bombed there, even on rental..).I've seen this movie twice...if i ever watched it again, it would be me renting it, maybe once a year.. or less.If you want the movie, don't pay more then at least $5 for it. I bought it for $2 at EBgames used... I only still own it cuase my mom loves it, (for Redford though, not for the story line)..I'm not going to reiterate what the other reviewers said on the story line... I can see why this movie is selling here for a low price of so far 89 cents...it's not even worth that.. you shouldn't even pay for this movie... it should be free... and if someone offered it to me for free, i probaly would turn their offer down...
This is just one heck of a camera. Compact, several features, and takes some pretty amazing pictures for the size. The APS film system is still basically new and this is a mighty pathmaker of the technology. Small enough to fit in your pocket, but without a doubt will provide you with some of the clearest, brightest pictures short of an SLR. Definitly worth the price of admission.
I could NOT put this book down--the people in the book were so intriguing and interesting. I think Frazier is an entertaining writer, but I agree with an earlier reviewer who called him "Smug"--It was like "I'm an important, superior white guy giving my precious time (and sometimes money) to come visit you lowly Indians" type feel .... it was uncomfortable at times. Although, in fairness, there are other times where it feels the Indians are "in on the joke" and take advantage of the author--which is quite funny. One fascinating gentleman (Lance) calls the author an "Indian wanna be" ... that says it all. Regardless, I learned A LOT and was thoroughly entertained and read the book in 2 days. Worth every penny!
I haven't laughed this hard since Wedding Crashers came out in theaters. This movie has all the great humor that our generation thrives on. The film is put together by the same guys that created The 40 Year Old Virgin. It has tons of the same style of jokes and humor as well, so if you liked The Virgin you'll love getting Knocked Up. Along with the same director it also has a lot of the same actors from The 40 Year Old Virgin. I haven't seen this good of casting in a movie in a long time regardless of the genre. Im talking about the main stars all the way down to the guys with one liners, they all meshed great together.Besides the laughs on top of laughs there is actually a story that you can actually feel. Which is a nice extra bonus for this comedy although the ladies might appreciate it more than the guys.Get all your friends overA
Common sense to me in making a good video game sequal,would be sticking to what made the previous installment/s great...NOPE! That ain't gonna happen in this age! For some reason game developers are almost sadisticaly compelled to add "new" stuff and completely throw away the tried and true elements that veterans of a series have come to know and love.Suikoden 3 is the fourth RPG that I have played for the PS2 which originated on an older system.And like the other three(Wild Arms 3,Legend Of Legia 2 and Final Fantasy X)it [bites] because they change way too much;almost to the point of feeling like an entirely diffrent game instead of a sequal.I hate to say it,but I think the death of good rpgs is upon us.Fun and traditonal gameplay is being replaced with eye candy and foreign concepts.I'd rather play good ol' dragon warrior on the 8bit nintendo than these peices of junk!I STRONGLY advise lovers of the first two installments of suikoden to rent this game before buying it.
Wow! I couldn't put this book down - it positively enveloped me in geisha culture. I was fascinated, appalled, intrigued ... Golden, a male author, did a convincing and personally intimate job narrating in the first person through a female (Sayuri) voice. I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys being transported into another &quot;world.&quot; I would have given Memoirs 5 stars, except for two minor factors: a completely hokey romance thread that weaved throughout the novel and a rather lackluster ending. Those aside, a fascinating storyline, well-drawn characters, and realistic dialogue set this book apart from most books offered today....
An amusing escapade of two recent college graduates looking to find their place in society, and the moral universe; while also trying to relax and have fun after a week's work. This therefore is a recounting of those events of that one Friday night; that through the various impediments such as colleagues at work, parental pressures, odd, chance happenings, their appetites, the police, lack of money, nature, and even themselves, Harold, and Indian friend Kumar, beyond all probability, manage to make all lines converge, and to succeed: at White Castle. A highly enjoyable, light, and generally good-hearted movie, but with some crudity. [So I would only recommend this version; or catch it on the comedy channel.] With a lot of good ironic humor, similar to the old fashioned SCTV which precedes it, this is a comedy of note. And remember: "In the end, the universe tends to unfold as it should."
This is a great movie for kids, I loved it when I was little. I still think it's great. What I don't understand is this whole racist thing. I'm pretty sure that I am one of the only people who honestly doesn't think about racial issues at all when watching movies like this. My aunt is full-blooded Cherokee Indian and she loves this movie. I guess I just don't think about things the way many others do. I don't want to get into a discussion of all this p.c. propoganda. All I'm saying is, this movie is definitely a classic, and should be a part of any kid's life.
If you only read three fictional books in your life, it really should be the Firebird Trilogy. There's nothing else like it.
Gah!! Just bought a stack of cd's and this is my savior - and incidentally, the least expensive!The melodies and harmonies are healing and addictive and have you playing them over in your head...a mark of a good song in my opinion. Each song has it's own unique style, but somehow they all manage to compliment each other - a mark of a good album. I hear many influences from 60's surf, to bluegrass, to rock. I'm listening to Ruby Falls right now...amazing song structure! Wow, I can't get over how well the harmonies are!I highly recommend this to anyone who likes rock, rock/folk, and indie.
This is a great simple tray for cutlery. The size is perfect for anywhere from 8 to 12 six piece settings. You can't fit larger serving pieces. For the price, you can't go wrong.
Isn't as dirty or swingin' as their previous work but Teddy is incomparable at what he does.Top Tracks are...Think About YouBlack & WhiteIn A RushI'm SorryFinally
Now White Sox is World Series Champions again, it's time to bury the eight men forever from our memories.
This is simply the best version of this movie ever released.You have not seen this movie until you've seen it on blu ray.This makes buying an HDTV, a 5.1 system, and a PS3 worth it.This is a beautifully presented, beautifully transferred, beautifully restored movie if there ever was one.The colors pop, the sound has crystal clarity, you will notice things like never before.Theres a whole bunch of extra crap in the neat collectors tin, but all of that is just frosting on the cake. This is an amazing movie that got the deluxe treatment it so richly deserves.If you like the Wizard of Oz, you like classic movies, you like bluray, or you like HD, get this. Immediately.
Purchased this phone recently because I was interested in Bluetooth wireless headsets and this was one of three that support Bluetooth at Cingular. The phone works better than my previous Motorola phone, and it fits nicely in a pocket. The Cingular knucklehead insisted that a two year agreement is required to get this wonderful price of $499.00. Why do I listen to those guys!Now, at $499.00, it's not such a great phone, item for item. I like that there is no antenna to be near ones brain so it's less likely to cause brain cancer (jawbone cancer????) This phone is a good phone, but for $500.00 it's a rip off.I'm planning a trip to China in February, we'll see if the GSM really works very well from the third world! Even if it does, there is no really good reason for me to call from China anyway so who cares! The screen is terrible in bright light. In fact, you can't see anything in bright light except a black screen. Switching the Bluetooth on is a pain, but it is better to do that than leave it on all the time as it will drain the battery VERY quickly if you are not using it and leave it on.While it's a good phone, the after purchase feeling is one of getting ripped off. I realize people don't like to tell other people when they paid WAY TOO MUCH for anything or that the item purchased isn't very great, but this is the only way I can get it off my chest and possibly help someone from making a mistake. There is nothing sexy or particularly high tech about this phone to make it worth $500.00.And by the way, the camera is really awful at a max of 640x480. And the Voice Dialing does NOT WORK with numbers stored on the card, only the ones IN THE PHONE taking up more memory for that feature if you want to use it with your Bluetooth headset! What's that all about! Engineering has not done all that much here!The Bottom Line: I should have bought the much cheaper phone and signed a 1 year agreement! This was just stupid!
This DVD is worthless and waste of time. I recommend every HARDCORE Fan to not watch this DVD because everything goes on is FAKE especillay the Cage match where there is a sound in some microphone that makes the high acoustics and high noise whereas it's not real as anyone can judge when he watch this ACW thingi!! There is only one camcorder that takes the scenes of the matches (Thats AWFUL) in Professional Hardcore Wresrling you should have at least FOUR Camcorders viewing from each angle as ECW,FMW,WWF,and WCW does Especially ECW and WWF. Save your money for REAL HARDCORE such as FMW and ECW, where you feel the pain when your watching because they are REAL and not FAKE as ACW. I hate to watch Fake wrestling such as WWF and WCW but they are much much better than ACW from many ways at least they are entertaining.1) Texas Rattlesnake Match:Two men battle it out with tables, ladders and chairs Winner must retriever the ACW title belt from a cage of live diamondback rattlesnakes!*Which the rattlesnakes are well trained and not wild so that they can bite the wrestler and they aren't wild same as the ones you can see in the deserts of Africa and South America!!2) Electrified Fence Match:Wrestlers go at it in an electrified steel cage, until one man is actually set one fire.*The Electrified Fence looks like a fence with a battery or something that hooked up to the steel cage and fire crackers are set on each side of the Cage, when the opponent touches it it crack!! we know these kinds of tricks **DUDE** beacuse i am a professional wrestler for over 18 years that got retired from 1999 because my right arm broke twice and the doctor said if it will brake the 3rd time we are enforced to make a surgery and cut it off, so i got retired, so we know all these kinds of tricks.3) Japanese Suicide Match:Four corners of electrified pain as the ACW title is decided by fluorescent lights covered in exploding barb-wire.*That is familier in FMW and ECW, no big deal, but at least it looked little bit shocking.I gave this DVD 1 star because it's nothing toward FMW and ECW. If there is a number less than 1 I probably would choose it.FMW and ECW those are the real Hardcores that uses real knives,flamming tables,chansaws,chairs,tables and everything that gets in their ways. FMW they don't just TALK the TALK but they also WALK the WALK, where real hard hitting brutal matches you can find!!
The songs on this CD are all great, and Pete is at his usual best. I would like to address something brought up by the previous reviewer tho. Although the sound quality is not up to today's standards, it is a great CD nonetheless, and just because something was recorded prior to the dawn of High Fidelity recording, does not mean that it does not merit being preserved on CD. I would advise those who expect excellent sound quality to steer clear of any recordings made prior to 1950.
I have been listening to Randy since I was a kid and she came out singing "street life" with the crusaders and thie is still her best overall album by far. I still play it from front to back. Its filled with emotion and beautifully sung.If you buy one Randy Crawford cd make sure it is this one.
Though I think OSC is a good writer, I was surprised at this book. For a good Christian and family man, this book was very sensual and disturbing. There was graphic sex and other things a good writer should not be writing about.
John Kander is a great composer. However, before he met up with the equally great lyricist, Fred Ebb, he composed this trite, forgettable score. It isn't entirely Mr. Kander's fault that the score is bad. No, his melodies are sometimes lovely, sometimes exiting and show promise. That doesn't mean their especially memorable though. However, the lyrics really are insipid and awkward in this show. William and James Goldman (the latter to write the book to Sondheim's brilliant Follies) are not great lyricists unfourtunately.However, there are two songs on this album that make it worth purchasing. The first is an odd little song called "My Son the Lawyer" which is quite inventive. However, the greatest song of the score is "Harmony", a very tuneful, musically inventive song. Even the lyrics aren't too bad here.So if you like buying albums for a few songs, go ahead. However, if you're looking for an overall excellent piece, this is not for you.
Get a real tripod but otherwise all other aspects of the product are an excellent value. I have sold endless watches on eBay and the pictures are a much higher quality with the photography tent.
I've been known among my friends to raise a stink about performances of baroque music -- say, Bach, or Scarlatti -- where it is played as if it were Chopin, with sighs and breaths and lotsa rubato. Here we have a curious case of the opposite: poor Berlioz (romantic par excellence) murdered and played coldly, clinically, analytically, as if dissecting the poor man's corpse in order to learn human anatomy. If you need to study the score, this is the recording to do it to: you'll hear everything, every group, every instrument, every squeak is clearly etched on the overall tissue of sound, but: the whole thing doesn't connect together and totally lacks elan, entraining flow. The valse especially is comical (No.2 I mean, Un Bal or whatever the hell it's called). You definitely couldn't dance to it. What happened to our dear conductor here? I've always liked Boulez-the-conductor but here he's done something funny. This is the worst Symphonie I've ever heard; I'll even keep it, as a curio.PS. Alternatives: Symphonie Fantastique is a frequently played and recorded piece; there are many good options. The one I like that immediately comes to mind is theBerlin Philhamonic under Rudolf Kempe(part of the EMI Seraphim twofer, the other disk holding Saint-Saens's Organ Symphony and Le carnaval des animaux). It's a bit old and the sound isn't the greatest, but the performance is very good.
Every aspect of the books and cartoon series has been changed, distorted and botched in the process. Why M. Knight ever thought that the story needed any help is beyond almost everyone. Not only is the movie another dark and twisted view of a bright story, but every character has been altered so that their purpose is diminished, belittled and wasted. Here is the short list:1. Aang's name is mispronounced - yuck! Sounds like a moan instead of a ring. What is the point of that?2. These kids fight their way across the world - what! Aang is supposed to bring peace and harmony and opposes violence. Now he is a vengeful monk! Awful!3. The Fire Nation people have to bring their own fire? Lame! Only Uncle Iroh has the magical secret? Wow, that is so pathetic. If they have to bring fire, what is the point!? We learn in the series that none of them truly need to bring anything, since the world is full of sources. Since the main source of power for the fire benders is the Sun - its always around!! Takes them down to bullies and sadly one-dimensional to carry it around like punks.4. All the characters act like the parodies from the play the kids saw in the Fire Nation. I am thinking that is the only episode anyone who wrote, acted, or directed the movie even bothered to watch - then copied that bad writing, acting, and directing in the movie.5. Avatar State - pretty poor effects. And whats with the weird tattoos? He looks like a punk himself.6. The fire nation itself had too much of the story. No character development. How did one General become the center of attention?7. All of the Asian influence of the story has been removed, including any humor. There are seldom any martial arts in the movie or any of the philosophies, disciples, or attitudes that come with it.8. Making the fire benders look like they came from India is really a huge ego ride for the director and a turn down the dark pathways of a twisted storyline.9. There are already plans to let M. Knight do ANOTHER movie! I am fatigued and disturbed, just thinking of it.I could go on, but time is short and this movie deserves no praise.Please do not buy it. Do not see it. Do not support it. My friends, nieces and nephews and children were duped into believing that it was going to be great. This movie makes "Waterworld" looks like the best epic movie ever made.Nuff said. Be happy and avoid the distortions and dark tendencies of this movie.
It's hard to find a film which encompasses a character entirely, seeing him/her throughout the good times and the bad, and fully gaining understanding of his/her range of emotions. &quot;Restoration&quot; is such a film, spanning the totality of Robert Merivel. Not only is &quot;Restoration&quot; well-written it is also a rush for the senses with brilliant colors, exquisite costumes, and a remarkable soundtrack. An impressive cast led by Robert Downey Jr. takes the viewer back in time to the age of restoration.
Podest&aacute; recaps his hits with Miguel Cal&oacute; and Carlos Di Sarli in a schmaltzy, nightclub style. This is undanceable, and the heavily filtered lp transfer makes Podest&aacute; sound as if he were singing through a handkerchief. Dreadful.
This is the best product out there for reducing the size of pores. After just one application I woke up with smaller pores. I have problematic skin and this did not cause any breakouts. A truly unique and great product. I didn't find that it offered much coverage, but that wasn't much of an issue. My skin did feel firmer.
Any HDMI cable works fine... basically they either work or they don't (it's a digital thing) so don't pay $40-50 bucks when a $8 cable does the same job.
You really need to use your imagination with this book. Not because the book is badly written, but you have to let yourself go an imagine what it would be like and visualize this in your mind.
I have now tried to order the YOGA CD version of this Workout set from TWO different sellers and each time I received the CARDIO 2 CD set. Both sellers were very nice about the problem and one finally explained what he said was the problem: The CD set has the wrong codes on it and that results in receiving the CARDIO CD set when one orders the YOGA CD Set. I am writing this as a warning to other potential buyers. I don't know how you could prevent this from happening to you, but maybe you could ask your seller to double-check or something. As it is, I STILL have not heard the YOGA CDs, even though I have certainly TRIED!! The problem is with the CD, not with the sellers' information, so you could very well receive the wrong CD, too, since apparently the CD coding is mixed up. I am writing here as a review because it is a problem with the PRODUCT, rather than as feedback for the sellers because it was apparently not exactly their error. I don't know if the reverse would happen if you ordered the CARDIO version and there are no reviews here of it, but when you order the YOGA version (at least it happened to me, twice), you get the Cardio version.
Al Gore and his fawning wife aim to create a portrait of the family as a way of establishing his street cred should he decide to (hopefully, for the benefit of his Republican benefactors) run for president again. Simply put the book is a naive, sentimental and sentenetious ode to piousness. The piousness to which I allude here is not piousness in the religious sense, but rather piousness to Democrats' ideals: equality, egalitarianism, sentiment, romance, et cetera. While his views on homosexuals are admirable and slightly interesting, so much of his words are strained and so much of his prose is calculated that the book ought not be called 'Joined At the Heart', but, rather, ought to be a play on Jack Welch's 'Straight from the Gut': 'Straight from a Political Consultant.' If you have ever heard a spin doctor try to contextualize a flippant remark made by a politician (think Ari Fleischer covering up for a gaffe by Paul O'Neill) you will have an idea of the mess that is this book. It tries to appease every constituency except that of the far right and offend none and in doing so devolves into a depressing mediocrity that is at the abject center of Democrats' listlessness in recent elections. Save yourself the money and buy a book by Dr. Seuss if you want insight into the nature of the world.
I keep this book on my nightstand and read an essay or two after my pj's are on and before going to bed. My bookmark is a pencil for making notes in the margin when particularly wonderful passages are encountered. The margins are very full.Aldo opens our eyes to worlds in our own backyards which have always existed but which have remained undiscovered due to our own dull-sightedness. I considered myself an avid nature-watcher, but the extent to which Mr. Leopold carries this hobby is humbling. He inspires any true fan to learn the names and habits of every tree, shrub, weed, thistle, bird, insect, and critter native to one's home county, and to hone one's journaling skills and master the talent of imagery and metaphor.But, this book is not for everyone. I've read favorite passages to friends only to watch their eyes glaze with disinterest. If you're the outgoing, life-of-the-party, must-always-be the-center-of-attention type, then perhaps The DaVinci Code would be of interest. But if you enjoy solitary walks in the woods, canoe paddles on distant foggy lakes, or reading prose with your pj's on, then this is required reading.
One of the things I love about this soundtrack is that my teen son wanted it after seeing the movie repeatedly. I found him playing it, loudly, while playing LOTR games. What a great way to introduce children to orchestra and choral music!Dramatic, haunting, harrowing, so many words seem weak.
I bought this GPS thinking that the real time technology was really neat looking, first of all, it does not appear anything like Navigons's advertisments make it appear. This GPS has major, major problems. The bluetooth phone feature is almost usless, because there is no storage feature on the unit for your cell phonebook. The display is not bright enough and very difficult to read during the day, in additon, you have to put this unsightly loose wire antena, suction cupped to your windshield for the traffic feature --- tacky. Next major problem, the battery died after only 3 hours usage after a 8 hour overnight charge (great), so half way though your trip, it dies and you have no GPS. You also must download the owners manual off a CD and print approxmitly 100 pages, (absurd for the price your paying, a printed manual isnt included) Its complicated to use, and I've owned 3 prior GPS units and none of them was nearly as difficult to figure out and use as this one. Worst of all, it's directional abilities are INACCURATE, taking me on longer, way out of the way routes time and again. The Navigon 7100 has major serious flaws and glitches to work out on this unit. Personally I feel Navigon released this unit prematurely (untested) without getting the kinks out. Needless to say, I returned my 7100 to the store after 3 days of total aggravation, and re-purchased a Garmin GPS.
I was always a fan of King Kong, I have both versions on my collection the 1933 and 1976. After I saw the new version, I'm convinced this is the best version ever. Full of magnificent visual effects, very convincing. I don't understand the complains some pleople have about the dinosaurs scenes. The original version (1933) had dinosaurs too, in comparison with the new ones, the originals are very weak and even then I found them very cheesy. The new dino scenes are magnificent full of action and adrenaline, very convincing and they add a lot more to the plot, than simply action. They make you comprehend that this is an isolated island were prehistoric life was preserved in all its essence. This new version has more thought put into it. The new version did not include the pterosaurs the original had. Pterosaurs migrate like birds do today, even though the island was isolated, they could fly and find humans in some other places. It was very smart to change them for bats. At least some bats do not migrate. In general the movie is excellent and interesting, there had been longer boring movies that had even won an oscar, so I don't find any problem with the lenght of this movie. The only complain I have was the first 45 minutes of the movie that try to develope the characters of the story. This sequences lack of interest once in a while and do not add anything to the plot, maybe some editing here could've lessen the bad scoring some people did. Even though, I watched 3 times this movie and came to my house and watched again and again the original and the 1976 versions and now I can say for the first time that the remake of a movie improved upon the original version. Very few times you can say that!!!! Desperate waiting for the release of the DVD
Brown Bear, Brown Bear may be my favorite all time book for young children. The "rhythm" of the book is wonderful and the illustrations are perfect. Children love to read it again and again. I train child care providers and parents on developmentally appropriate practices and I always include this book in my presentations as a great, all time classic to read to and participate in with young children. Start them out on books like this one from birth. This book will never go out of style and you absolutely can't go wrong with it.
It has been over 30 years since I read this book, yet it is still fresh in my mind. The book is basically the personal war diary of Edward Latimer Beach as he served on various American submarines in the Pacific in World War II. He had the distinction of serving under Dick "Killer" O'Kane, one of the leading American submarine aces of the war. He was also fortunate to be transferred off the USS Trigger before she was sunk, and ended the war with his own sub (the first member of the 1939 Naval Academy Class to receive a command). The book is extremely well written, which is unusual for an "I was there" type war history. Highly recommended, and once you start reading it you will not want to put it down.
Like others, I have experienced this early shut-down right out of the box. It appears the plastic cover loosens and will not keep the 'safety switch' in the back on. The coffee beans are chopped up for a few seconds, then the unit quits. Now what do you do? It won't restart unless you reset the cover. And then, it usually quits early again. If it doesn't, your total grind-time is so excessive the beans are now coffee-dust. There is simply no controlling this spastic unit.The only way to force this thing to work is to hold the cover in a clockwise twist while the coffee is grinding. So much for being 'automatic'. This unit should be re-called and the designer sent back to the bar where he/she designed this thing.
The story of a widowed mom making ends meet by selling marijuana would more traditionally (or stereotypically) be set in a trailer park or public housing. Weeds is neither traditional nor stereotypical.The plots are pleasantly twisted. Kevin Nealon may have found his niche as a CPA who loves his smoke.Check out Weeds. You'll be humming the theme song for days...
&quot;Sakura Wars&quot; had potential, but ended up being kind of a drag. The idea behind it is quite cool (steam powered mecha fighting demons in 1920s Tokyo) and I like most of the mecha designs and the character designs, though the demons were embarassingly derivative (Geiger could sue). The first episode, in which the intriguing background is laid out and we are introduced to some of the characters, is good, but its all downhill from there. The pacing of the show is glacial; very little seems to happen for long stretches of time while the viewer is subjected to general chatter which does little to illuminate the characters or make them interesting, plus some tedious training scenes. (When the characters from Evangelion or Tenchi speak to each other it is funny or insightful, but these people mostly yammer tiresomely.) Another problem is that there seem to be too many characters, and each one has his or her own seperate story which is not integrated with the stories of the other characters or the main demon-fighting story. While training scenes and chatty scenes are interminable, the fight scenes are brief, and the first big battle (which is in episode 3) between the mecha and the enemy (some boring knight costumes; the girls fight the Geiger demons in episodes 1 &amp; 2 without the mecha) doesn't even make any sense, as far as I could tell-- the viewer has no idea where the mecha are in relation to each other, each girl is surrounded by lots of enemies who just stand there and get killed. Despite the &quot;wars&quot; moniker this is not an action-oriented anime; I think more time is spent on traditional Japanese dance and theater than on warfare.Some people seem to really like &quot;Sakura Wars&quot;, so I guess it is probably worth a rent on the chance that you might be one of those people, but I wouldn't recommend anyone buy it unless they have rented it first.
I'll echo the two previous reviews. I love the clarity and brightness of the screen, and the many thoughtful features. It takes a while to get used to the tiny keys which are harder to use than the Blackberry or Treo products, but eventually quite usable. The scroll wheel is a big help and the back key really helps, once you figure out where it's likely to take you. The menus are NOT as user intuitive as they could be, however, and I hope they'll revise them in a future iteration/upgrade. They could have given more interesting choices in the included ringtones. One fabulously annoying thing: the LOUD whooshing sound they included for the "turn on" and an equally noxious sound for the "turn off" of the device. And all the other sounds can be changed or muted or added to, but not these. You just can't get rid of them and that makes it astoundingly embarrassing when trying to turn your phone off at a meeting or in a conference. This was simply stupid designing by some committee somewhere.All in all, the best sound quality of any phone I've yet had; a great form factor which is easy to hold and deal with, and easy to use synching with Outlook --- if you have just your own computer to deal with. When dealing with Microsoft Exchange Server -- you're out of luck unless you have a great IT tech (as we do) who after an hour of fiddling, found a document by googling that gave a work-around so we could synch with our Outlook, Calendar, etc. However, it will only synch with your 'personal' calendar and since we've got a company wide calendar and a personal, it would be helpful if one could synch with two calendars as some phone/pda's can currently do.I recommend the phone most highly.
This movie was awlful! Its just a bunch of high school kids trying to get laid. I definetly wouldnt let young kids watch it and I wouldnt suggest renting or buying it
The author travels to the Congo, down tributaries of the Ubangi, to Lake T&eacute;l&eacute; in search of Mok&eacute;l&eacute;-Mbeb&eacute;, possibly a living sauropod atavism. Accompanied by pragmatic, homesick Lary, an American; educated Marcellin, a government employee, torn between his Western education and the supernatural spirit world of Africa whose power he fears; gentle Manou; and wild-eyed, hard-drinking Nz&eacute;, he chronicles all he sees. This allows for observations of much flora and fauna, especially birds and apes, as well as meditations on human behavior. The Africa O'Hanlon "discovers&quot; is a world of sorcerers, fetishes and tribal rivalries, where slavery exists in fact, diseases ravage whole tribes, and pragmatic Western ideas like gutters and medicines are absurdities rather than possibilities. It's a great book, full of humor and learning, equal parts natural history and the kind of insight into the foreign mind that the best travel writing can offer. It's a bit grim to think how mired in ignorance and the supernatural Africa still is, but funny scenes like one with a clingy baby gorilla keep the reader enthralled with O'Hanlon's trek.
I have been listening to both &quot;New Age&quot; and traditional American Indian music for many years. The Best of Coyote Oldman is a wonderful mix of traditional American Indian, Pan, and other flutes with ambient and synthesized music. The blend is potent and hypnotic. I highly recommend it both for meditation or relaxation.
It came with 216 "hot words," of which I knew 74 to begin with, and knew them all within a few weeks. I also did a lot of other words in another SAT book, and another book called Word Power. I was getting, in the "10 Real SATs," a 1430 (730 english, 700 math). I then took the real SATs in March, and got only a 1270 (650 verbal, 620 math). Very disappointing, and an embarrasing score. I am still wondering if I didn't do something wrong..
For the longest time, I'd been very hesitant to purchase this device, and had decided to stick with the more kiddie /cheapie type basic talking pedometers, for example the heart shaped ones made by many different companies, Ultmost, Bally Total Fitness, Sharper Image, Park Avenue, Etc, because I could find nothing but negative, mostly one star reviews on it on the computer.However, I found one on E-bay for a starting bid of only $5.99, and decided to give it a try.I just got it in the mail today, and come to find out, through a little research, the unit with all negative reviews was a completely different model, the PE829, to be specific.I'm glad that I found this site that has mostly positive reviews of this pedometer.I love the vast array of features on this unit, from the cool British accented voice, to the different ways of measuring your exercise routine, Daily, Weekly, and a Target Number of steps, and I also really like the fact that in order to be accurate, the unit must have a complete profile of you, how much you weigh, your step length, and your age, rather than just your step length and weight, like the cheaper pedometers.The radio seems to have decent sound quality, and I find that I can reduce it cutting out, if i adjust the pedometers position a bit from time to time when exercising.one really great thing I also have to point out about the radio is that it has a good amount of bass for an auto scan type radio.Most auto scans sound hissy, tinny, and have little to no bass.However, this isn't the case with the PE829A.I'm not sure about battery life as I haven't used the unit long enough to consume the battery quickly yet, just walked for several hours this evening), but I had the radio playing almost the whole time, and so far, the batteries are still full, so I don't think it's as bad as other reviewers have claimed.All in all, i think that from now on, we will stick with these Oregon Scientific PE829A Digital Talking Pedometer Fm Radios, instead of getting the cheapie kiddie/giveaway type units like heart shape ones and other commonly seen units.
If you didn't like this movie the first time you watched it, I'm with you. I was thinking: "what is this? some crazy music? and no dialogue?" But then, something changed a few days after I finished it- I wanted to see it again! I couldn't understand why, because I was pretty sure it was too "artsy". But I watched it again. And again. And then I had to buy the CD and add it to my VERY small collection of only the best movies.To be honest, I'm still not sure what happens, but as soon as you turn it on, you are lost in the XVII century France. The images are so real, the characters are believable and this trick Coppola uses, contemporary music, creates a strange feeling that although the movie takes place back in the days, it might as well be last weekend's party. Young girls who just want to have fun, drink champagne, eat cake and wear Louboutin... Did I say Louboutins? Well, maybe they had them in XVII century, because this movie makes you believe it happens in front of your eyes.
Please, everyone that loves th simpsons like me, please buy this product, is an uncondicional step to understand the simpsons series
GREAT, I split it up with three people, we all enjoyed having the 5 disc. I really enjoyed watching it and my great grand daughter can't get enough of it.
Seagal is a fantastic Aikido master. He makes wonderful movies and even though he only plays the same one character over and over he seems to do it well. This movie however has next to no action 27.28 seconds of fighting not including when he grabs somebody and puts a knife to their throats. Not only was the movie void of fighting, but it was flat out stupid. The acting is poor the plot is poor and the end is insulting. (the cure is flower pedal tea that knocks the plague out of you in minutes). Yeah, I almost believe that. Get another Seagal movie, most of them are okay. this one defies the norm.
It's funny to rate my favorite Beatles' album less than a *5*, but it's inevitable considering many labored passages, wrongheaded editing (why use an inferior guitar break on "Let It Be", and abbreviate "Get Back"?), overdone strings (you know which one) and much unnecessary druggy recording session dialogue which wears out its' welcome by the third playback. The album works for me for many reasons, particularly because of the open-air, spontaneous feel (quite the antithesis of heavily "produced" offerings like "Sgt. Pepper", et. al.), and the great contribution from ol' buddy Billy Preston who brings some much needed bounce and funk to the arrangements - his electric piano adds icing to the cake on "Get Back" and "I've Got A Feeling". On the early '60s leftover, the '50s styled "One After 909", however, his jazz-based support does not work. (Fans dig the "Anthology" version which is straight ahead R & R).There are three masterpieces on the album: the brilliant, philosophical entries "Across The Universe", "Let It Be", and "The Long And Winding Road". There is enough music in these three tracks for a whole album.Afterthought: the order of the last two songs should have been "The Long.." and "One After 909". What do you think?
STARDUST might be classified as Gaiman's nod to Lord Dunsany's THE KING OF ELFLAND'S DAUGHTER, as it certainly follows in that tradition, and does make reference to it as well.I think Gaiman has done better, however, especially in his SANDMAN series. Nonetheless, STARDUST is a good read and certainly worth your time.
I didn't make it past the first 30 minutes, it felt like I knew the story too well, as if I had seen it before, many times.
Perhaps one of the worst biographies ever.First, I must say the author's writing skills are incredibly weak. I'd describe it as a cross between the Andrew-Dice-Clay-School-of-One-Liners and the Hiliary-Clinton-School-of-Creative-Writing. He often makes bold short statements (which eventually the reader discovers are nothing more than platitudes) followed up by little color, wit, or illustration of his fact findings.Secondly, it is very clear that the author's research was superficial, which invites broad generalizations while brushing aside many potentially interesting areas of Robertson's life. The author claims that Robertson is a "complex man", but then fails to even introduce his personality traits, insightful conflicts within, or friends/family who may understand differing facets of the man.In describing the man's life, the author's poor writing skills and lack of research combine. In perhaps as little as a few paragraph, the author sweeps past Robertson's sabbatical to New Zealand in 1979-80 as a back-to-the-basic-spend-time-with-the-family escape. Apparently, a reflection point in his life, the author carelessly mentions that Robertson couldn't stay away from the market during this time off. So, what happened? Facts missing here were, for example, that Robertson built a beautiful private golf course called Kauri Cliffs 2 hours north of Auckland and hand-picked the architects, employees, geography, etc. It took him years to complete and challenged him in real estate development, foreign politics, and business development issues.Finally, the author is a self-described asset management advisor. But, he clearly lacks the understanding of how hedge funds leverage or take offseting positions. In order to stay long-and-short, there are complex delta-gamma strategies, ongoing adjustments, and advanced mathematical models. Synthetic positions and derivatives play a much more integrated part of a hedge fund's daily analysis and eventual success that just what you see on TV. Also, many times Tiger is taking multi-layered volatility, vega, positions concurrently in markets, which are non-directional. Moreover, DCF or market-multiple corporate valuation skills are significantly different than the assessments of supply/demand of commodity trading.In summary, all I can ask is "where's the beef?" I hope someone better and more experienced will write another biography of this subject matter. Robertson is clearly a worthy read and interesting topic. Its just that this author failed in each and every regard to help us understand Robertson.
Jingoistic, sanitized (total racial harmony in the 1940s...), militaristic, unrealistic (even for a cartoon, and that's saying something), idiotic schmalz. Every character and setting is completely unbelievable. Even as far as comic book movies go, this one's a dud. Captain America has a stupid costume and lame powers. I wish the Germans had shot at him instead of his shield. Would've made the movie shorter.
I saw on TV when Rod was told his first "songbook" sold millions. He literally fell to the floor laughing. Why do you think they are cranking these things out every few months on you people? Rod is laughing at all of you all the way to the bank.It is a shame to see one of rocks greatest singers so joyously trashing and throwing away a once great career.It's even a bigger shame that so many people are so foolish to support it.
Shania Twain has finally released a greatest hits collection. This is an easy way to get the best songs from each of the albums that she released with Mutt Lange at the helm. However, she forgot two songs from her debut: "Dance with the One that Brought You" and "What Made You Say That." I think she should have added these two, even though she did not have the huge hits the other songs were.That being said, this collection is excellent. Ms. Twain knows what it takes to make a hit song. Her gifts are definitely misunderstood by Nashville, but she left that town in her dust. This is definitely worth obtaining and keeping!
I'm not going to rehash the plot here, since that's been done ad-nauseum already...and this is only my 2nd Philip K. Dick novel so far. What I will say since at the time of writing this review and not being 100% familiar with PKD, your suspension of disbelief factor will have to be set on high to ignore some of the outdated references such as his unflailing emphasis that the UN plays such a prominant place in the future (we all know it's been pretty well mitigated) and that Mars is actually habitable. Aside from that, he delves into the topic of schizophrenia like someone who's been on one too many acid trips himself. It was hard to get into for about the first 30-40 pages, but once in that far, it's hard not to get totally enveloped in his vision and realities. At times it reminded me a bit of Slaughterhouse Five, with it's shifting realities and timelines. It wasn't great, but it was something I couldn't put down until I finished it in one reading session straight through. I have UBIK on order and am looking forward to one of his better works. (UPDATE-LOVED UBIK).UPDATE: Now that I've read a lot more of Dick's works...and have read UBIK since then, I really need to go back and re-read this one. I think being used to his jargon and style more would be helpful to get more out of this and probably wouldn't recommend this as the first Dick novel to start with. I'd start with something like ZAP GUN and some of the shorts and work up from there.
I picked this book up without looking closely enough at the actual exercises, of which there are many. I should have noticed that they actually require a fairly advanced German Vocabulary to even complete the simplest of drills. This was noticeable even at the very first set of exercises.If you are somewhat advanced in your German vocabulary though, this may be very helpful as there are very many drills and exercises that follow the explanations of usage. It's just really not something a beginning German student would be able to use as its just too frustrating to complete the drill/exercises when you don't really understand what the words mean. A beginner would just require too much time spent using a dictionary.If you're a beginner I would suggest a grammar book that offers a more balanced presentation of information; one that starts the student at the beginning and requires little, if any, prior knowledge of German.I should probably condition my rating as being '2 stars' if your a beginner and '4 stars' if your advanced enough in your overall German to be able to understand the exercises.
Bucket works fine. Large enough to reduce a large pile of debris, but small enough for it not to weigh a great deal. Folds easily for transport in car trunk.
A complete waste of time. This is an incomprehensible non-movie about a bunch of low-life sado-masochists.The camera work, done with a single hand held camera will make you dizzy as will the incompetent editing. There's no plot that I could keep track of. I consider myself to be reasonably intelligent. If I don't "get it," and I don't, the problem isn't with me.The make-up effects are laughable. I think they used red nail polish to simulate blood. Even ketchup would have worked better.An even better choice would be to skip this waste of time entirely. How do movies this bad ever get produced? It's a mystery...
In the thirties and forties there was something big film wise to look forward to nearly every year, bigger than the anticipation of the next Star Wars, Bond or Potter film. It was Tarzan and most of those years there was only one Tarzan, Johnny Weissmuller. To many today he is still the only Tarzan.Tarzan fans in our generation actually embraced a parallel universe in the jungle man's world. There was the long time favorite given us by author Edgar Rice Burroughs, an articulate educated Lord Greystoke who could stow away his tux, put on a loin cloth to lead Tantor and his herd of elephants. Then there was the bigger than life Johnny Weissmuller on the screen who portrayed a Tarzan of few words, gave a battle cry that is more familiar today than most any other sound byte and whose biggest vocabulary word was "Umgawa!" Whether we were first introduced to the book Tarzan or film Tarzan, we could love both. Weissmuller himself was familiar with the concern Burroughs had about the portrayal that first MGM and then RKO required and wished also that he could have a bigger speaking role. However, the money was good and he couldn't object too much. When Burroughs himself made Tarzan films and hand picked Bill Brix with his well spoken vocabulary the films bombed.In "Tarzan My Father" the author Johnny Weissmuller, Jr. gives a portrayal unlike others in the past. It is not an apology or a "daddy dearest". Johnny Jr. loved his father and admits there were both good and bad things that can be related. However, even in the bad, Johnny Weissmuller is more the innocent taken in by business managers, partying big name friends and two of his five wives, especially the last one who did all she could to trash his name and memorial while making money off of interviews. There is also a rebuttal against Esther Williams's recent book with interviews that reveal she has lied about Johnny Weissmuller as she did other legendary Hollywood heroes.Johnny Jr. covers the myths behind the legend and uses documentation when needed. When stories conflict he gives both sides as would a true historian. I found myself looking at older books I have on the father and find that in general the son has been forthright in his handling of events. There is also detailed information about his father's sports career which makes him also legendary in that world as well. I had an opportunity to meet Johnny Weismuller briefly in the Roanoke Valley of Virginia and the man I saw was the man described by his son. It was a moment I will always remember. He was both generous and kind.The book covers the father's friends and cronies, people like Humphrey Bogart, John Wayne, Red Skelton and others who are icons today. In his own case the author knew well Robert Mitchum, Ricky Nelson, Burt Reynolds and Elvis. There are great pictures in the book that will delight any and all film fans.Yes, the book is very personal and unlike some, the author does it not to exploit his name but to give honor to one of the great film heroes of the 20th century. The book itself is endorsed by Danton Burroughs, secretary of Edgar Rice Burroughs, Inc. This is a tribute and it shows us a man bigger than life who greatly influenced more than one generation.Johnny Weissmuller had what some might call a simplistic philosophy that his son paraphrases as "A man should stand where God places him-jungle trails or Hollywood streets-and fight for those things he believes."
Ralph Blum should NOT be who to consult if you're looking for a work that is based in historical accuracy and the ancient Germanic traditions. If you prefer a more accurate take, based on decades of research and practice, that is respectful and as true as possible to the Germanic Tradition, I urge you to look elsewhere. I can highly recommend the following titles: (1) Futhark by Edred Thorsson, (2) Northern Mysteries and Magick (Runes and Feminine Powers) by Freya Aswynn, and (3) Taking Up The Runes by Diana L. Paxson (she cites the contributions of both Thorsson and Aswynn often, and shares their observations in comparision with her own).The first set of runes I purchased was a Blum set in an occult bookstore in San Diego. The first clue that Blum wasn't for me was his assertion that his original meanings for the runes were obtained from ONE NIGHT of meditation on the symbols - not only that, but he created his own order for the runes based simply on the order that he drew them from the bag. There is a definite order to the futhark that is very important to maintain, as, there are associations between the runes and the sequence they are traditionally ordered.Ralph Blum's contribution, in my opinion, is infuriating, because he disregards the tradition in favor of his personal interpretation which is NOT true to the traditions, and you will find that the authors who are respected for their knowledge of the tradition and their extensive practice - DO NOT cite Ralph Blum as a source in their bibliographies and recommended reading lists. Start with Thorsson's Futhark - or if you want to learn more about the icelandic runes (the younger futhark), Thorsson also has a great book called Northern Magic, which also includes the only section I have ever seen dedicated to a system of traditional american colonial magic. A wonderful find for those looking for a system of magic closer to American history and tradition ("Pennsylvania dutch").
These videos are a well-produced series steeped in terrible exercise technique. Essentially every single study and even anecdotal discussion with a strong person will tell you that the best way to put on muscle and get into better shape is through resistance training, where you lift free weights to the verge of failure in a limited series of repetitions, while increasing the amount of weights each day. It's simple and cheap and doesn't require an thirteen DVD set - of course it doesn't get informercials, either.That's not to say these videos aren't hard. But being difficult in itself isn't weight training, and isn't the best way to exercise. Jogging, for instance, requires being in shape and is also very hard, but is not the ultimate form of exercise. There is no possible way to keep going on maximum intensity for an hour, the way these videos suggest - especially since heavy weights are not really a part of the program and anybody in very good shape can go above their bodyweight. And even if you could go at your maximum intensity for an hour, doing it every day for three months is impossible and a bad idea - you need to recoup and let the muscles grow, really you'd just injure yourself by trying.I borrowed these videos from a friend who's enthusiastic about them. He doesn't go through the routines, but he picks up ideas for aerobic exercises from the video. And I think that's how the videos are best used - a whole lot of aerobic exercises, for people who are already in very good shape. The problem with this is that aerobic exercises should be ancillary to interval training, and actually following the 90 day plan here would tire the muscles and get in the way of weight training. So additionally, this athletic person should only use these videos while already taking a break from lifting. Anyway, if I'm doing aerobic exercises, I'd prefer to go jogging, hiking, biking, or something that takes me outdoors. Not just staying at home, watching TV.If you're in bad shape, these videos are a terrible way to get into shape. With one exception - all the talk about diet in the booklet is largely a lead-in to buying their overpriced supplements. But really, a total change in diet, and eating protein powders, will do many beginners good. Even if this isn't the best way to do it, it will still show results.I was specifically interested in the exercise-oriented yoga, because I'm having a hard time finding a yoga teacher who isn't going on about meditation and so forth - nothing wrong with that, but I want something more exercise-oriented. However the yoga video is pretty bad. I strongly prefer the Ashantga yoga routines I found on Youtube.
...Oh well. The first time I read "Johnny," I thought it was awful. Sick, offensive, and just plain wrong. Then I became a fan of Jhonen Vasquez' after watching "Invader Zim" (his now-defunct Nicktoons show), and I gave "Johnny" another try. And loved it.To enjoy "Johnny," you have to realize that Jhonen has a very twisted sense of humor. He holds a funhouse mirror up to the dark side of life, and somehow makes it all funny.You just have to accept Jhonen -- and "Johnny" -- for who they are ... and be happy neither one of them is your next-door neighbor.
Two good looking, pot smoking young couples go to the fair/carnival. They stay all night in a classic 70s/80s haunted house carnival ride. They witness a carny freak killing a hooker. Now they are in trouble because all carny folks is family and what happens at the carnival STAYS AT THE CARNIVAL!This was a decent B-grade horror movie in its time and that makes it a five-star horror movie today. These movies were just made better. One of the kids in this movie runs around with a vintage Members Only jacket most of the time! That right there makes it worth watching. For those of you not old enough to know what a Members Only jacket is, it was a jacket that said Members Only on it but all you had to do to be a member was buy the jacket. 95% of the dudes in the 80s did. It fit right over their Izod shirts and you could fit a Rubik's Cube in the pocket.You are not going to recognize any of the actors and the two girls in the movie come across as being pretty clueless teenage girls. The two guys have the jock and the jock's best friend look and are just thrilled to be running around the midway with two good looking chicks and smoking weed.If you ever attended a county fair in the 1970s or earlier you will recognize the fresh sawdust that covers the fairgrounds. Most of the earth is paved today and you don't get that same rural charm at a carnival. Ahhhhh....the scent of sawdust, corn dogs and toothless carnival trash working for cash! Those were the days.The animal freak shows in this movie are non-existant today as well. Two-headed cows have lawyers today and they just won't be taken advantage of.It's carnie freaks vs. kids in a crazy battle to the death!
I'm sure that if your "into the game and history of baseball," someone has asked you the following question...... "Who do you think is the greatest baseball player? Babe Ruth or Ty Cobb." Browning realizes that there have always been great players of the game. However, by the ending of the book, he proves that Cy Young's name should be up there with Cobb and Ruth. Mays, Ryan, Bonds, Koufax, Aaron.... outstanding players. However, for reasons that I'll not go into here, you need to read the book, to understand why there are many great players that are true legends.... Walter Johnson, Ted Williams. However, No one has come close to Ruth, Cobb, and Young, when you look at the big picture. Ruth was bigger than life, and I remember my grandfather talking about taking a train to New York just to set in the grand stadium known "as the house that Ruth built," and watch Ruth come up to the plate. A lot of the old-timers talked about Cobb playing the game more like a civil war battle. As for Young, at this point in time, there is no one living who can remember him as a player in his prime. The possible youngest person to see him perform in a major league game, would be at least 95 to 100 only to remember him as a player in his mid-forties with quite a gut. Browning states that this is one of the problems. Sure, there are still those baseball players that remember talking to the legend back in the 1950's when he was in his eighties, but one point Browning makes is that those who remember Young the pitcher are all gone. He also tells why Cobb and Ruth are usually remembered more, and have many books and movies of them, unlike Young. Ruth could drink and curse and raise hell with the best of 'em, and could usually be found at a whore house when not at home. Cobb who refused to play even exihibition games againt colored people, and was well known for his hot temper, and his hatred of anyone who crossed him (and that was almost everyone). Anyway the point here, is that an interesting life on and off the field makes more of a sensation to read about or watch. Cy Young, who was never thrown out of a game, led a very quite and normal life off the field. On and off the field he was a gentleman...... Not usually the stuff interesting books and movies are made of. Please don't think this book is about comparing Young, Ruth, and Cobb. this is only the opening of the book. Even though Young was a "gentleman" he didn't take any crap off anyone either. Cobb who was well known for his aggresiveness, and crowding the plate, years later said that he knew when Young warned me.... I'd best move out some or I'd be hit and hard. It's really a great book about a true baseball hero on and off the field. One final point Browning shows....... Young was not just great because of his records, of at least five that will probably never be broken. He was the greatest flexible player. Baseballs rules changed more in the 1890's and 1900's more than any other time. Read the book. Unreal that this man could remain at the tops from 1890-1911 with all those changes. Perhaps my review has bored you..... I promise if you love the game and the history of baseball, you won't want to put the book down.
I bought this monitor about 11 months ago and have been satisfied for how much it cost me. I would love a higher refresh rate but of course that costs more money. With that said, the monitor is easy to use with side buttons. It took some time to completely adjust the picture but that comes with any brand new monitor. It comes with 4 preset brightness levels that you can switch between (text, web, gaming, video) which is a feature I like because you aren't blind after leaving your desk. Mine also had a glare-less feature which reduces glare, and is nice if you must face the monitor at a window. I just bought an ati x800xl video card so I am disappointed that this monitor will not support 16.7M colors at 2074x1536. Overall it works well and has lasted me this long. I recommend it for people looking for a good inexpensive monitor.
I order it for her birthday and she asks for more because she gets so many complements on it. It is her favorite.
Most of of this book will go right over your head unless you already have a good working knowledge of Egyptian & Greek mythology, magic and esoteric lore of both the East and West. If not, it's a good source for finding out what you DON'T know!It has become dated to a certain extent, but it's still probably the best source if you are serious about the Thoth Tarot. Some of Crowley's information is faulty, due probably to the limitations of the time in which he lived but also to his own ignorance. Furthermore, Crowley writes with an air of authority and certitude that only serves to complicate matters if you aren't able to sort out fact from fiction.To me this book does not reveal anything close to genius as some have suggested. While it does contain a vast amount of information on a lot of different subjects, many of its ideas are not that organized or very well thought out.
That which is Jazz is good music but, there are far too many vocal selections. I buy and listen to Jazz for the quiet times. I find most vocals contained on many Jazz CD's to be an intrusion. Were these vocal additives true Jazz vocals they would be fine.Jazz Lover
This should be required reading for these anti-death penalty zealots.
This book is a collection of essays by several experts on Sparta covering all the major aspects of their culture. Those used to studying such books may be jaded by the number of them that seem to serve no other purpose than to give the various contributors a place to hear themselves talk while adding little to the reader's knowledge as they verbalize vague thought processes that lead to theories on relatively insignificant matters. Not so this one.Laid out in a logical progression, the various essays provide the "meat-and-potatos" of Spartanology including coverage of land ownership, sexuality, perioicoi, reliability of early spartan history, Sparta's decline, etc. Also, the contributors have mostly written their articles in an accessible fashion.Like the previous reviewer said, this book may require some knowledge of Sparta, and Paul Cartledge's "the Spartans" makes the perfect introduction to this volume, almost like 2 halves makiing a whole.Michael Whitby's "Sparta", better than any other collection on Sparta I've read, should be required reading for the ancient greekophile seeking info on the Spartans.
This exceeded my expectations by a longshot! It has plenty of torque for most projects. I keep one at work and it gets used as much or more than the one at home. People are always asking to borrow it. My wife likes it due to its more manageable size. If speed is not an issue, this will fit almost all of your cordless drill needs.
I wholeheartedly agree with all the other reviewers. This p.o.s. is not even worth 1 star. The author uses a large font, wide spacing and empty pages to make this book look bigger than it really is. The author doesn't go into any detail on anything he wrote. There is absolutely nothing of substance in this book. If you go open an account with a Forex dealer, you would likely find more information on his faq page. I returned mine after reading about 10 pages. You can figure out that the other pages are like those first 10 pages. Thank God Amazon has a generous return policy. Leave this p.o.s. on the shelf. If you want a beginner's Forex book,Getting Started in Currency Trading: Winning in Today's Forex Marketby Archer and Bickford is less expensive and at least 50,000 times better!!!There is a 5 star review by Super Trader. You should know that Super Trader is the author, and he gave his own book 5 stars.
I have coarse, brittle, unrelaxed Afr Am hair. This stuff is great, moisturizing, and detangles well. It does not have sulfates/salts, so it works well w/my brazilian keratin treatment.
I enjoy this product very much. In fact, this is my second one. My first one broke at the hinge so I replaced it. It is not just for kids. I am 68 years old and I enjoy the card games, brain games, and crosswords. It is so easy to take with you when you have to wait in the doctor's office, etc. for a long time. Would not be without it.
WARNING SPOILERS....BUT DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS BOOK.I love to bake, I love the holidays, I love murder mysteries, I love mysteries that are part of an on-going regular series....what could go wrong? I didn't think by any means that the menu for the Christmas party/cookbook testing thingy was going to be recited in detail constantly. Pages and pages of setting up the food on the buffet tables, pages and pages of surface conversations that taught me nothing about the characters, except that everyone thinks Hannah has no tact, her sister is very pregnant, everyone wants a recipe in the cookbook, and everyone loves every single food served. That's all I got out of the first 75 pages....no character building, no plot, no detail that wasn't related to a recipe-whose it is, if they can cook, who forced her to accept it, blah blah blah. Oh yeah, the guy she might kind of be dating is a cop. THAT'S IT! 75 wasted pages!By the time someone was murdered, I already knew who was going to be killed and the weapon that would be used.There's only one person that anyone doesn't like and that person basically isn't liked by anyone - DING DING DING!!! OBVIOUS KILLER OR OBVIOUS VICTIM! THE WEAPON WAS EVEN MORE PATHETICALLY OBVIOUS. That's never happened in my worst ever murder mysteries.But I was thrilled something finally actually happened other than searching for a place to put four too many side dishes etc. How to make extra table space? wow, that's really tough in a community center full of tables.......Are you serious? Then it actually got WORSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I didn't think it could, especially after there was finally a crime committed! How could it get worse than no plot whatsoever? The police sitting in a closed door conference room somewhere while Hannah who is supposed to keep the murder a secret, under wraps, until they can investigate, so as not to tip off the killer, proceeds to tell EVERYONE she talks to that the person was murdered, what the weapon was,where and how it happened and that they are a suspect...and then sends them upstairs to the conference room to talk to the police - who have been sitting up there thinking she's being a hostess while they investigate behind closed doors with no dialogue or actual investigating going on and as she sends person after person up to the room to report their alibis and motives, no police ever come down and say "WHAT THE HECK IS WRONG WITH YOU?"Less than 40 pages later, I know who the killer is and I'm not reading any further, why bother, I might as well just go to the end of the book and then throw it away. Did I mention how stupid more than half the recipes are? Either nothing I would eat, so common it's in every cookbook, ugh!!!!! I give credit there's a gazillion recipes but the book is so bad I'm not sure I would try any of them, although maybe the catfish bait is something I never made before and would try being that we usually have to buy bait and that's time consuming. No, never mind, the book is so bad, I wouldn't trust any recipe.I thought a great holiday murder mystery with recipes and baking etc would be great leading up to the beginning of the holidays and I could get some of her others and read all through the holidays. GAG, not a chance.I don't recall having EVER given a book less than 3 stars.
I know this is supposed to be a "cute" movie, but it is such a tired subject. It is "BIG" all over again....Granted, Jennifer Garner is much easier to look at than Tom Hanks....At least from this Male reviewers perspective. Garner is capable of SO MUCH more than this (Daredevil, Elektra). Garner is still good, as is Rufalo, and the film is good for what is supposed to be, it just falls a little flat due to it's re-tread subject matter. Still worth the $2 rental.....but not the late fees. 2 Stars.
First, Dr. Sagan's approach to past life problems is doubtless very effective. He places a metaphysical twist on it by using names from Hindu teaching and mysticism, some of which I see as potentially useful in clarifying concepts. He spends an inordinate time digressing into the effect of "samskaras" upon meditation, helpful if your suffering client is involved with extensive hours of meditation, but otherwise simply a time-consuming digression.One of my concerns is that Dr. Sagan seems to believe that (1) most people experiencing regression (other than with him or his students) come away believing they are some king or princess; and (2)exploration of past lives is a useless parlor game if undertaken for other than healing of "samskaras". With Dr. Sagan, I abhor charletans who would inform people they were Cleopatra or Napoleon. However, in my practice, I have found no one who believed they were royalty/persons of note, and most of the lives encountered were very plebian--farmers, slaves, and the like. While healing of past life wounds is, of course, the primary goal of past life regression therapy, the self-knowledge which comes from simple exploration of past lives is not to be distained.There are many compassionate and competent regression therapists doing invaluable work in healing the wounds and carryovers (yes, samskaras, if you will) from past lives, and there are many people living richer, healthier lives as a result. There are a number of excellent, in depth books dealing with regression therapy and related issues that he doesn't touch on. I am saddened that Dr. Sagan seems to believe that only through his system can anyone achieve release. This is simply not true.For the person wishing to study or do past life therapy, I recommend first IBRT (International Board for Regression Therapy) certified courses in past life therapy, plus extensive study and reading. There are a number of excellent resources. However, I cannot recommend this book as a starting point, or even a mid-point. Frankly, I have found that this book did not significantly contribute to my knowledge or practice. Regardless, if you are suffering from a problem which may have a past life root, I would urge you to seek out a competent past life regression therapist. If that is in Sydney, it may well be Dr. Sagan or his group.
I first encountered these onions at a country club in North Carolina and got them to sell some to me, as they are the best. I finally found Amazon had them, and have bought them there ever since. It may be a matter of taste, I drink straight frozen Stoli with an onion,no vermouth, but I can no longer stand any other onions in my "martini."
"Baby Face" is one of the most important pre-code movies. It is amazingly honest and brave in depicting the story of a destitute girl trying to climb to the top. Barbara Stanwyck is simply great in her portrayal of the main character. Hard to imagine any other actress capable of such a magnificent performance. It is very sad that because of the Hayes code instituted in 1934 and that lasted for over thirty years, the great movie traditions of the amazing pre-code movies have been completely lost. It seems that the best of the pre-code movies that have not dated in seventy plus years, have been created in another universe. There is nothing like this in the modern movie making. The only thing that I did not like in the movie was the ending. It seemed contrived and added, probably, at the insistance of the people in charge to soften the harshness of the movie's message.
Its hard to complain about something THIS inexpensive. I was actually thinking that it was going to be cheap and tacky looking, but was completely and happily surprised at how great it was. Super easy to put together... in fact it took me longer to take it out of the box and plastic wrap then it did to put it together. I absolutely love the warm tones of the wood. I was also concerned it might be two small to actually be useful, but I was wrong again. It was a perfect fit for my bay window. I can put my fruit bowl or vase of flowers in the center and have enough room for two people to put a plate and glass/cup.Tres Chic
It's very strange that Tcherepnin's Third Symphony is practically unknown in the musical world. It should be part of the canon. Melodic 20th century music is generally preferred by audiences and this is an example of melodic music that isn't anachronistic. Symphonies all over the world should embrace this piece. How many more times does Cincinnati's symphony need to play Tchaikovsky's 4th, for instance? Critic Leslie Gerber dismissed the piece, finding fault with his use of the pentatonic scale. Well, that's what makes the symphony so beautiful. To me, the piece sounds like a combination of Asian and British themes, and that unusual combination works extremely well.I haven't warmed up to Tcherepnin's other symphonies. The clarity and warmth the pentatonic scale brought to the Third made the difference between decent symphonies and a masterpiece.The piano concerto is somewhat bombastic and I definitely prefer the sparse and crystalline 5th. Get the other disc from BIS with Lan Shui for that. It's a very idiosyncratic composition, but one I've listened to countless times (as with the Third symphony).
Santa - eat your heart out! What can I say? Everyday is Christmas with my new Avalon CD. These guys are just so cute, I'm giving one star for each of them... I used to sing Christmas songs, but only around Christmas. Now, oh heavens. I would have liked to hear 'Little Drummer Boy,' but Avalon's 'Manger Medley: O Come O Come Emmanuel / Away In A Manger / O Little Town Of Behtlehem / Silent Night' definately makes up for that. Besides, Joan Jett does a fine cover of the Drummer Boy....I like the production value of Winter Wonderland. The balance is of professional value, and it's matched by good ears. This is a great album for the kids.I like cheese, this album is cheese, but like really good cheese. It makes sense though, I mean, why do you have brie around Christmas time? To go with the Avalon, of course.
This is the best egg timer ever. Just pop it in boiling water with eggs and watch the color change. Perfect eggs every time! Loved them so much, I bout THREE just in case I lose one....to a jealous friend!
Eric Clapton plays some nice leads on this CD. I wish he was doing the vocals. I don't know where John Mayall ever got the idea that he could sing. It wasn't from me. I was playing his music in a blues/rock band all the back in 1969, and I have always wanted to say that. There......I've said it!
This movie is the closest adaptation of Mary Shelley's novel I have seen yet. To my knowledge this shows the creature as it was, not some big green monster with bolts in his neck. The creatue is intelligent, has feelings (DeNiro does a great job with this character) and wants to be accepted. A great cast fills out rest of the movie.
As the prior review notes, this is an insightful review of how people chose to forget and ignore. The movie convincingly examines plausible denial and how German people decided what happened, regardless of reality.
The product you sent me was a childs X-large, not a women, which is what I requested. Luckily I have a 10 year old niece that fits into them.
I purchased this product to replace a 5 year old Braun model. Overall, I have been very pleased with the quality and performance of every Braun product that I have owned and this shaver is no exception. Though it takes a day or two to get used to, it performs very well and delivers an amazingly close and comfortable shave. In my opinion, it performs much better than my previous Braun shaver and is much less irritating to my skin. All in all, I think this is an excellent product and have not found any fault with it. I hope that it gives me 5 excellent years like my last Braun.
Any size, any count per package of Wee Wee pads are the BEST on the market !!! Thicker than most, don't tear easily, the larger ones truly ARE larger as specified, great for training that puppy of your with least amount of spills and mess. Best bet in pet pads !!!! C J Hoffman
Wonderful sequel.Just as good as origonal, perhaps better.Revisit most of your favorite charactors.Even with some of the not so cutting edge effects, this adventure movie delivers outstanding entertainment value.
I ordered this item several months ago and I am glad I didn't submit a feedback yet. If I would have submitted it right away, I would have said this item was packaged and shipped well and was cute and I liked it and the only flaw it has is a slight slip in the black outlining on the pineapple stem. I try to ignore this little black markered line however, my eye immediately goes to it when I see it.However...now, I would tell you the same as above with the additional comment that this item tarnishes. OMG - I have had it sitting out on top of a cabinet without anything ever put inside of it and the pineapple stem and edging of the bowl was tarnished. Yuck. So... I wiped it with a cloth really hard and it looks like it is gone for now. But now, it appears I have the job of polishing it. If I wanted to polish silver, I would have requested it on my bridal registry and it would have been expensive and worth the effort to keep it shiny. This $29.99 purchase is not worth the work but I am stuck with it since I purchased it awhile ago.It would have been great without the added "homework"!
Great musicality and richness to this singer and music. This is a really enjoyable CD.
OK, when I first got this game i was amazed at how fun it was, then, i realized how repetitave it got.The &quot;bullet-time&quot; or w/e is a pretty cool thing, and the levels are big. The only thing wrong? Everything Else.The moves you can pull are very limited and repetitive. Guns keep appearing the same too.In the game you can play as two charectors, Ghost and Niobe. It seems, they only worked on Niobe's levels, and they arn't even that great. The in-game videos are just ghost/niobe doing the same exact thing.They give you lots of extra matrix footage, which, is good. But nothing exciting, just extra 3 second sceens of people talking.Again, the biggest problem with this game, if nothing else: LIGHTING. I dont care about realism of shadows and darkness and lightbulbs, IM NOT GOING TO KNOW WHATS GOING ON IN A PITCH BLACK ROOM. Even with the brigtness up, the lighting still sucks. And its very, VERY fustrating.Matrix Fan? Go ahead, buy it, just dont expect anything special. Just looking for a good game? STAY AWAY. There are many other games better than this.
I bought this book with great expectations. Was I sorely disappointed! I was forewarned that it started out slow but eventually would pick up. I was down to the last 10 pages and I was still waiting for it to &quot;pick up.&quot; Granted the writing is very well done, the message is good, but I never got into the book. I felt like I was reading an updated version of the Canterbury Tales. Every chapter about Inman was about the people he met on his journey. The chapters about Ada were a chore to get through because they were so boring. And the end was just out of the blue. It was way too sentimental and sappy. I do not recommend this book to people unless they are English majors who can appreciate the prose.
For a number of years, I underevaluated this one of Miller's works as a matter of partisan propaganda from the 50's. This film shows how wrong I was and how much deeper and more broadly applicable The Crucible is as a work of literature. Like Ibsen's Enemy of the People, it asks how does a person possessed of the truth respond to a society overcome by illusion or superstition? Indeed, Miller's question is more pertinent today than it was in the 50's when, in reality, there was a real ideological war in progress and some prospect of a live one. What may or should one risk to challenge the orthodoxies of political correctness, unquestioned egalitarianism and mass culture? Viewed in this light, Miller's work is a profound one of lasting impact. More pertinently for this review, the 1996 film highlights all of this because it is so well directed and so well acted. Day Lewis, as the central player, excels as always, but it is almost a shame that he has such a superlative supporting cast: Winona Ryder, Joan Allen, Jeffrey Jones, Paul Schofield and Bruce Davison, all of whom are flawless in their roles. With such talented work some of the excellence has to be overlooked in light of the others. The Crucible as a work of literature is very much a masterpiece and in this performance, it is a classic.
it has received some very good descriptive reviews already. i bought my copy atGoodwill, it is not rated, yet, Gods name was defamed several times. the f-word i can handle.....but, i continued to watch the entire movie. It makes one stop and think before going to a foreign country. espcially one like russia or iran.
Metal is not dead! If your into the old school metal sound you have to snatch this one up!!!!!! Well worth the import price. Catero and gattis show everyone that music hasn't fallen by the way side. If your into Greenday and Blink 182, this isn't for you... but if you like the true metal, Iron Maiden, Priest etc. then this is definately a must have.
The lushness and smooth, flowing sounds of this CD are what have kept me coming back to this CD for the past 10 years. Listening to them transports you back to 1965 and Bakelite telephones that never ring when you want a call from your man in his leisure suit and loafers. It's not quirky or chattering music, but it's so svelte and velvety in texture and rhythm that you just sit there and feel a contented sort of melancholy just to hear it.Then, you hear a screeching banshee hiss her "s"s and whine in a nasal tone about how she can't find love and how her life is all messed up and her man is this and that. In about half the songs, it works, since you sort of close your eyes and imagine a nice 1960's drama set in a Londonian penthouse overlooking the Thames. Visions of avocado green and taupe carpet swirl in your head and you can get into that vibe...but on the other half of the songs with vocals, she's just plain irritating. You want to hear the complexities and little samples firing and there's this high-pitched keening going on. It's really hit-and-miss and de Mare's voice doesn't particularly add to the overall musicianship of the album, other than to render of slightly off-key notes that sort of fit the minor chords in some of the songs. The overall effect of her singing is to basically pigeonhole each song she sings as a wistful and brooding unrequited love/my-life-sucks paean so that there's no way you could play this at a party unless that was the mood you were going for. Hello Cleveland! is mysterious, deep, dark, intriguing and can be played anywhere and at anytime, but the vocals on the other tracks sort of limit the amount of playtime this CD can get outside of 1960's TV drama viewings.I would say this is a definite buy since the music is good enough (you'll get relief from Siobahn's whining on Hello Cleveland! and if you get the Formica Blues single, a couple of those) to succeed in spite of Siobahn's best effort to blow the membrane out on her microphones and shatter the studio glass.Mono hasn't been active since I was a college kid, but Marty Virgo's music is so good, I am not sure if he could have done anything afterwards that could even come close to this.A MUST BUY.
After reading an article about yoga, I immediately went out and bought a Yoga Zone video. I was not impressed whatsoever and after telling a coworker about my dissapointment, he assured me that I would love Power Yoga. After reading reviews of this video and luckily finding videos 2 & 3 at the library, I decided to give it a try. Being new, I wasn't really sure if I was doing my poses right and knew my breathing wasn't as deep as it should have been but the next morning, I felt muscles ache that I never knew were there. The first couple of times, I was only able to complete 2/3 of the video but the one time I did complete the entire video, I felt renewed. I cannot explain the feeling exactly but wouldn't mind doing this daily to experience that feeling again. I was worried that the video would be a little advanced for me being that I am a beginner but I hung in there pretty good. There were a couple of poses I could not do but all in all this video was a great introduction to power yoga. Highly recommend.
I bought this thing and the first two things I noticed were:-Its WAY too loud.-I can't leave the PS3 in standby mode.Then after 3 weeks I hear this HORRENDOUS noise coming from the PS3. The large fan on the cooler was making noise like a bearing was going out.Suffice to say, don't waste your money.EDIT - Talked to Sony Repair about these things based on what I had heard at my local Gamestop. DO NOT USE THIS DEVICE.. The use of it will void your warranty on your PS3. They apparently draw too much current and cause the power connectors in the PS3 to burn up.
...and A Kiss To Dream On, is no different. All of the characters felt real to the reader. We all have faults, and where many romance novels gloss over that fact and present perfect leads, Ms. Mittman revels in writing about believable characters. Gideon, the strong silent type, works his way into the reader's heart with his kindness. A truly &quot;nice guy&quot; whom you sometimes wanted to kick into action, Gideon continues to renew faith in the reader's belief of love. Arlissa was a little harder to like, but does redeem herself as the story unfolds. A bit spoiled, she doesn't know a good thing even if it kicks her in the face, until it is almost too late. The secondary characters are integral to the plot and help bring the story to its full potential.I have but one small criticism of the story, and that is how some of the passages connect. There are times while reading the story, where I felt as if I missed a conversation or a paragraph. Gideon and Arlissa both jump to a lot of conclusions about each other and sometimes the reader is unaware what prompts this. A Kiss To Dream On, is a great love story, (and although it might seem to be a bit slow at times)I highly reccommed reading it.
The actors themselves aren't to blame as they do the best they can with what they're given. The duo of Depp and Rispoli does well to keep the viewer interested and Robisi as Moberg brings a good humor to the film. Ekhart's Sanderson is terrible however which is made even worse by the fact that Sanderson was one of the most interesting characters in the book. He works at the paper and in the first few chapters is beating protesters with a sign, is fired by Lotterman for threatening to twist off his head, is the main protagonist in the brawl with the restaurant patrons that lands Kemp and Sala in jail in the film, and is one of the participant's in the beating of Lotterman at the end of the novel in which Lotterman is killed.The film adaption is watered down with key elements that made the book so amazing completely missing. Characters are subbed out for other characters and plot lines get twisted for no reason other than to make the film seemingly incredibly dull. The ending is terrible compared to the brawl, killing of Lotterman and scramble to get out of Puerto Rico by the main characters at the end of the book leaving anyone who's read it scratching their head wondering why the film makers chose to fix something that wasn't broke. The ending credits claim Kemp went back to New York, married Chenault, and became a famous writer, hinting towards the fact that Kemp is Thompson, however Chenault is not mentioned at all after her exit in the book. Read the book, and if your bored watch the film. I gave it two stars because the Depp/Rispoli duo enabled me to sit through the whole film.
What can I say about a split wire?Plug it in and it does exactly what you want it to do.
Yes, that's my opinion. This the last record of the band that is worth a spin or a thousand. It was the last record they recorded while playing the instruments. Never mind computers and samplers, which unfortunately they became way too fond of. All the songs were infused with Smith's sticky self absorbed angst, but always intelligent, just perfect. You have only to listen to all the album to see why they were considered one of the best bands of the decade. All the songs sound like they belong together but not one sounds like the next. For bands like this, singles paid the bills, they always did; but the had the integrity to do complete work and select from it. Keep in mind that this was a double album when you notice that not one track can be considered filler. The bass, guitars and voice on this album are all top notch Cure, the drums are not bad either, slightly better than adequate. Musical Rorschach with a lot of color (mostly red and pink). Regrettably, such greatness gave them much deserved mainstream exposure. This ultimately ruined them into writing vapid tunes like "Love Song" and rehashing their old stuff in the much maligned "Mixed Up" album (stay away from that one)."Kiss Me, Kiss Me, Kiss Me" will remind you of favorites or provide new ones without forcing you to hit the skip button to get to them.It's obvious the 80's are back. You want to ride that wave? Look no further, this the perfect board to do it on. If you are interested in original and influential material, check out "Pornography", "The Head On The Door", "The Top" and "Faith" all albums from the Cure too. Or for a sample of all get "Standing on a Beach", or "Staring at the Sea" (same thing different name for an early eighties compilation).
If you enjoy Ottmar Liebert, Jesse Cook, and similar Latin guitarists you will enjoy this CD. Technically excellent and artistically beautiful arrangements of an excellent variety of songs including Samba Pa Ti (Santana), To The Night (Liebert), and Take 5. Very nice background music for dinner or a cocktail party as well as general listening.
Unlike the reviewer above, I think the Glazunov violin concerto is very beautiful.The performance on this issue, however, isn't memorable. Listen to Heifetz's recording or one by one of the other great soloists and you'll see what I mean. The Seasons is a varied, interesting and beautiful work, strangely absent from concert halls. There are a couple of recordings by Russian conductors/orchestras (Svetlanov, Mravinsky) which are more exciting, but the sound quality and orchestral balances are MUCH better here. I originally owned the LP and purchased the cd much later. Like me, you will likely listen to this recording and continue to enjoy it over a period of many years.
No one who picks up one of Cussler's Dirk Pitt novels should expect to find an enduring work of world literature. But Treasure of Khan is a new low-water mark for Pitt. True, it delivers the expected wide-ranging manly adventure and combines interesting if not particularly original elements - ancient treasure rediscovered, induced earthquakes, etc. etc. And it avoids truly laughable absurdities like the suddenly-shifting continent featured in a previous book. So Khan should add up to a lightweight book good for a distraction e.g. on a cross-country plane ride. The problem is that the book is filled with mis-used words, poorly constructed sentences, and stilted dialog. These are so common that the book simply cannot be enjoyed.Example: "The warnings took heed when a fishing boat...". [This is awkwardly phrased and an incorrect usage. A "warning" is inanimate, and cannot perform an action such as "taking heed". A correct construction would be something like "Other sailors finally took heed of the warnings when a fishing boat..."]Example: "The movement accelerated the imbalance until the chamber perceptively tilted upwards." [Another incorrect usage. The word he wants is "perceptibly".]Example: "What treachery! I will call the authorities at once. These hoodlums will not get away with this." [Stilted; this dialog is worthy of a Hardy Boys adventure. True, dialog in novels is generally not very realistic, but in this book it is frequently so bad that it is hard to read.]Example: In describing events on a ship that has just passed through the Straits of Hormuz and is approaching Dhahran, Saudia Arabia, he refers to the Saudi complex "Along the western shore...". Well, yes, the shore would be to the west of the ship, but it is certainly the *eastern* shore of the Saudi penninsula: this time the poorly constructed wording amounts to an error of geography; he should have said "Along the shore to the west...".It was not hard to find these examples - the book is filled with them. And I'm not "reaching" for something to complain about: I've read many other Cussler books, enjoyed them for what they are, and fully expected to enjoy this one. But it is so poorly written I can't stand it.As for the "Harmful to Your Vocabulary": Most people expand and refine their vocabulary through usage-in-context. When the usage is wrong, I think harm is possible. For instance, if a reader's grip on the words "perceptively" and "perceptibly" is not firm enough for the reader to realize that the usage in the book is wrong, that reader's notion of the meaning of "perceptively" will be less correct after reading this book (and so on for many other mis-used words).My guess is that in their collaboration on this book, Clive must have plotted it out but Dirk must have done most of the writing; I think that would account for the nosedive in prose quality. But if anyone at Putnam took money for the role of "editor" on this turkey, IMO he or she should be fired.Maybe some well-qualified readers are able to laugh their way through the errors and enjoy this book, but I think in general only unsophisticated readers will consider it "good", and to their detriment. And if you get through this book and don't realize that Dirk Cussler is a rank amateur writer, I'd have to say you weren't paying attention.
Running a close second to Time Scount and The House that Jack Built I enjoyed this new time travel adventure and hoped it would become a series.Unlike the Time Scout series, there is only one time jump in this novel. With elements of suspense and intrigue, we join SAS Captain Trevor Stirling as he travels into the past to King Arthurs time to trap a suspected IRA agent.As with the Time Scout series it is a fun, fast read with imaginative writing and enjoyable characters.
Bjork continues to astonish with &quot;Vespertine&quot;--a more emotionally stirring, introspective and melodic collection of music than anything she's released to date. That doesn't necessarily mean it's better than her previous efforts, but it is different. Trying to describe her music is always difficult because like anything that ventures out into the darkness of originality, it defies categorization. And yet it manages to connect so resoundingly on a visceral level. With &quot;Vespertine,&quot; Bjork continues her musical journey through this world of ours, and luckily for us, we are invited along as she tries to make sense of it all. It isn't always pretty (thank God), but it is always interesting. &quot;Vespertine&quot; is a remarkable achievement if only for the fact that Bjork refuses to settle in one place and continues to challenge herself musically.
I tried so hard to like this movie, but after about 20 mins I found it impossiable. Madonna delivers simply the worst acting performance of her career. Many of her lines are Re-Dubbed and sound both fake and strange. The story is barely there and seems to go no where. I kept asking myself why I kept watching this movie and the answer was because I really did want it to turn out better... it didn't. If I had seen this at the movie theater I would have walked out. SKIP IT!
Today I had the chance to buy two DVDs at the same price. One was of the restored version of "The High and the Mighty", with two discs--one containing a beautiful widescreen transfer of the film with accompanying audio commentary anchored by Leonard Maltin; the other stuffed with special features on the making of and restoration of the film. The other was a full-screen version of "The Boatniks" from Disney DVD, with an outtakes reel and nothing else. Both items were offered at $14.99. So, which do you think was the better deal?The difference between these two packages pretty much sums up everything wrong with Disney DVD's latest botched release. "The Boatniks" is a zippy, funny farce from 1970, which is eons better than some of the Disney films that followed it. Robert Morse, Stefanie Powers and Don Ameche anchor the fine cast, and there are hysterical performances by Phil Silvers and Mickey Schaunessy leading a gang of diamond thieves as they try to smuggle their catch out of Long Beach harbor without getting caught. The film is a riot. Too bad I can't recommend such a cheap, cheesy packaging of this fine film, especially since for the same price I can support the film restoration efforts of John Wayne's Batjac company, who, through Paramount Home Video, has rescued a long-lost film and given it a second life on home video at a reasonable price considering the content. Disney DVD, however, couldn't care less about restoration and giving its consumers a good deal on its ridiculously overpriced product. So no matter how much I'd like the film, no sale on this one.Just think about it. My senior citizen parents just bought a widescreen TV. Now Mom won't buy a DVD unless its in widescreen format so it will look good on her TV. These TVs are becoming more and more affordable. Before long, most homes will have them. Next thing you know, Disney will be rereleasing all these films in "special edition widescreen" formats and will expect everyone who bought fullscreen versions to repurchase (at an even more ridiculous price) these special editions that they should have offered in the first place.So, there you have it. The reasoning behind the ripoff. Don't be fooled into buying substandard product. This version of "The Boatniks" just doesn't cut it.* (out of *****) for the presentation of this classic film.
Gerald Durrell is one of those authors whose writing should be mandatory reading for everyone who has dealings with our environment - that is everyone on the planet. The late Mr. Durrell is best known for his books about his family's life on Corfu in Greece and possibly forA Zoo in My Luggage. Most of his other works are relatively unknown. "Three Tickets to Adventure" was originally a lucky find for me. They had a copy in the library at my high-school and I did a book report on it. I remember very little about it other than that, like all Durrell, it kept me in stitches.A few months after reading this book, I actually got to meet the man himself at the National Arts Club in New York. I asked him the fate of the bird Cuthbert from the book who had been a total neusance while in the camp. He thought for a moment and then replied "Sadly, Cuthbert is no longer with us." A drunk woman who had been harassing Mr. Durrell through his lecture said "Oh dear, did he die a natural death?" to which Mr. Durrell replied mischiviously "Yes. I wrung his neck."I have spent most of my life searching for a copy of this book both to reread it and for my woefully incomplete Gerald Durrell collection. I also strongly recommend Golden Bats and Pink Pigeons.
I'm actually really surprised at all the 5 star reviews here. I'm reviewing the audio book, and although there are some useful tips for getting by and managing stress, this book really is extremely dated. Linguistic gems are found throughout such as "avoid the wibber-jabbies" and numerous recommendations to have a gay attitude and live life as gayly as you can. Most of the stories are of course from the 20's through the 40's, which is fine but after a while this is like listening to a very old person tell you, in extreme repetition, all about their experiences back in the good old days. There is also an extremely prevalent attitude of dated medical and psychological context that is almost laughable at times. Numerous facts and examples are presented as backed up by "medical science", which have you shaking your head.Pros include some albeit obvious but effective techniques to manage stress and live in the moment.Cons include extreme repetition of points, many points that boil down to "you should just stop worrying", and extremely dated presentation of the material.All of this was not worth the $30 price of the audio book.
Well when they pull these petty tricks on us to buy the same four seasons again to get the fifth.There is nothing you can do.So the best thing I did is give my four seasons to someone who is not a fortunate as me to by dvds whenever I want.It made my best friend very happy so give your four season to a good friend who can't afford them.They will be ever so grateful.I am waiting anxiously for the set to see if the first season is redone. Too grainy on the first season the rest were fine.I did the same thing with Dark Shadows I gave my brother the individual sets I bought so I could by the whole coffin collectors edition. My brothers eyes lit up when I gave him all 26 volumes and the six original non Barnabas episodes too.Treat your self the new editions and make someones day by surprising them with dvds you don't need cause a better set is out there.
This book will bring you up to speed on all the buzz words for all the methodologies, but thats the extent of the book.This book covers very little of actually process, how to analyze and existing process, how to setup a new process or improve a process. It actually does a very poor job of explaining what sofrware engineering is all about and leaves you feeling that is about writing documents, not about creating reliable, verifiable software.
For 20 bucks, you don't get much. Limited playablity, poor graphics, seems to cause memory errors on my machine. Bogs down when you have many opponents in play (I have a top of the line Pentium), Pretty much when you get to the higher levels, you've done it all...which you can do in one afternoon if your a shooter/player like me. Hard to fire and aim with mouse controls.......I wouldn't buy this one...wish I'd read the reviews on this one!
I absolutely love this coffee maker. I have had some inexpensive and some very expensive one cup coffee makers over the years, but this one is my favorite. It is inexpensive, brews at proper temperature and allows you to use whatever kind of coffee you like without purchasing expensive pods. I also like that you can use any cup with this. Some of the one cup coffee makers will only work with the cup that comes with it where this one works with any cup. In fact I like this coffee maker so much I have purchased several "spares" in case B&D stops making this product. I have never actually had one fail, but I will say that after a few years of use, the permanent filter does wear out and tear from cleaning. Fortunately a new coffee maker is around $20 and with the price of a replacement filter plus shipping being around $15, you might as well buy a new coffee maker. I would highly recommend this to anyone who is looking for an excellent one cup coffee maker. These also make great gifts.
Well, John Connolly has done it again. Slightly less complicated than his initial offering, this book is no by no means less entertaining. It opens, alternating between a shootout in an ocean front parking lot in Maine and an old woman escaping from a home for the elderly. Thus, a chain of events have been kicked off drawing in the Mob, a trouble maker deliquent on his child support, a pair of killer elites and a phantom serial killer who claims the woods of Maine as his home. And who, of course, could better sort everything out than Bird Parker and his infamous partners Angel and Louis.This book was a page turner. Dark and descriptive with some excellent side characters. John Connolly is truly a master story teller and what a story he has to tell here. Hope you all enjoy this book as much as me.
There are about 3 happy pages in the Order of the Phoenix. It is, as usual, masterfully written, and I could hardly put it down to sleep. However, it is a very dark book and veering more and more away from being a "children's" book. I would not want any 6-9 year old of mine to have such a dark view of the world, even with the great friendships it describes. Death and sorrow are taken to new heights in this book, and none of the heroes are quite so heroic any more, not even Dumbledore! Of course, I recommend it highly for anyone 15 years old or older. I only give the book 4 stars instead of 5 because of it's unrelenting heaviness of spirit. Of course, if you have been following the series, this book is a must, but be prepared!
I have enjoyed most of Ms. Dodd's historical romances. I didn't like &#34;Almost Like Being in Love&#34; at all. It wasn't till Pepper's sister, Hope, appears that I realized I neither liked nor finished her story in &#34;Just the Way You Are&#34;. I can't remember why for that one. I didn't like Hope, I think. I didn't finish this one either. I skipped around. Hoping it would get better. It didn't. I did check out the ending. &#60;sigh&#62; I should have just left it at the store.And I can't think of a recent heroine that I've disliked more than Pepper Prescott. Sheesh! That chip on her shoulder was the size of a redwood. I really, really don't like &#34;prickly&#34; heroines. She is awful! Why he loved her, I'll never know.On top of that, it's hard to believe that she ran away after her first sexual encounter. And that she's still mad at Dan Graham for some reason. In fact, she stays mad at just about everybody and everything. The romance part wasn't very believable. Nor or we told why she kept travelling under an assumed name for so many years. Well, there was the lame excuse that she was afraid to find out her sisters and brother wouldn't want her if she ever found them. Right!I'm no expert on the army/terrorist stuff that is presented. But, it didn't make a whole lot of sense to me. For me, it was too far-fetched that both sets of villains got together and stormed the ranch. The whole plot is far too over-done.I guess there are 2 more books to come in this series. Brother Gabriel and baby sister Caitlin. The latter was less than a year old when the family was broken up. I am making a note to self right now to give them a pass.All in all, I think Ms. Dodd should stick to her historicals. She does so well there where not many do.
Spoiler alert! Not exactly a feel good movie. Parents die (father from diptheria, mother from typhoid) and oldest kid, who's 12, has to find homes for his 5 brothers and sisters on Christmas day. Son is played by a boy who HAD to become a gay man in later years and sister was The Bad Seed a year earlier. After this potboiler, it's no wonder RKO closed up shop later that year (1957) and sold the whole studio to Lucy and Desi. Avoid this stinker!
Automatic for the People is without a doubt in my mind the best single recording for any music artest in the 90's. I think that is saying quite alot. Automatic is R.E.M.s recording that sets them apart from just being a standard alternative guitar rock band. Not that the older R.E.M. rock and roll records are bad at all, but Automatic really shows the bands depth of musical styles. The CD starts with Drive which is a slow mystic look at restless youth and the need to grow. Stipes voice in this tune still haunts me to this day. Almost all of tracks 2-10 are reflections of growing old and even death. Sweetness Follows allmost qualifys as a funural durge. Evryone knows the message of Everybody Hurts, Hold on just Hold on. In these trying times we need to hear that from someone and where better than popular music. The true greatness of this CD flows from the final track though. Find the River is a song of feeling hopeless, lost, in need of a friend, and in the final verse lies a felling of hope, if not victory that helps you to cope with allmost anything. R.E.M.s Automatic for the people will touch anyone going through a dark and difficult time. The felling really comes out here in the music, I sugest everyone listen to this Gem sometime.
When it comes to Tchaikowsky, Mendelssohn, Lalo, Kreisler, and ANY kind of show piece, no one can touch Heifetz. Non of the violinists alive today can ever come close to his level of musical personality, command of his instrument and sound. He is the father of all violin virtuoso, together with Paganini himself, perhaps. My only negative comment is regarding the restoration sound of the CD, it is alright, but could be better.
THE BAND IS TOO HOT PEOPLE AINT GIVING THEM THE PROPS THAT THEY SHOULD CAUSE THEY IS A HOT GRIOUP.I LOVED MTHE SHOW AND IT PRETTY MUCH TOLD US WHAT TO EXPECT SO I WAS PREPARED MY FAVORITE MEMBERS (FROM FIRST TO LAST)BABS THAT IS MY BOOCHOPPA AND FREDDY P HOLD IT DOWN FOR THE # 2 SPOTSARADYLANNESSTHIS CD IS A GREAT CD SO GO SUPPORT DA BAND AND BUY IT EVERY SONG IS SOMETHING YOU CAN DANCE TO AND EVERY SONG HAS A POINT I CANT WAIT TO SEE WHAT THE FUTURE HAS IN STORE FOR DA BAND
Star Wars Episode IV is an excellent movie! Only problem is, the movie isn't on a DVD yet. They should make one right away! Also, 12 people hate this movie! Don't listen to them! Thank you.
This deordorant smells like sweat. When I put it on I just fell sweatier. Others may find the scent pleasant and the deodorant effective... me and my nose had the opposite reaction.The first day I tried it, I spent the day thinking I needed a shower. Instead of my usual moisturizing bar, for 3-4 days I used antibacterial soap. Didn't help. I was still "ripe."I let it rest for a few weeks. Maybe it was reacting with some food.... Nope! Phew! Couldn't stand it!I tossed it.
What a luxury - to have those Dickies hits available in one place. As an early fan, I can recall enough to realize that a single CD may not be all that heavy-duty fans need. Their first two CDs (Amazing Shrinking Dickies, Dawn of the Dickies) were irresistable, start to finish, and those single tracks (like Banana Splits) indispensible.Of course, this is a fine sampling of the band's very best work during their prime, but there's a chance you might grow so attached to these tunes that you're tempted to indulge your completist tendencies. Please do so. Even the Dickies' early albun tracks are special, and funny.
If you have read previous books or are familiar with Chuck Palahniuk's twisted mind and way of writing, then you will enjoy this one. Though nothing in comparison to Fight Club (which is undoubtedly a cult classic to begin with, in my opinion), this book will serve just the right dosage of twisted literature. Now as for my own synopsis of the book, I do have to remind you that this is, after all a Palahniuk book, and to write summaries of his works is similar to describing a freak show-broadway musical style. You just have to be there to get it!Synopsis: This tells the story of a former gorgeous fashion model, Shannon McFarland, whose face has been horribly disfigured while driving on the freeway, by a mysterious drive-by shooting. This doesn't just leave her without a jaw, but found herself left by her career and her boyfriend. Suddenly, she realizes, she is not in any way, beautiful anymore. Instead, to the world, she has become invisible.Review: This is one of those books that you either you get it or you don't, like it or you don't. And if I can summarize it in one sentence, I would say that this is a simple story of people wanting to be someone else that they're not. But again, knowing who wrote this novel, you would know it would never settle with "simplicity." Invisible Monsters like the narrator mentioned, is NOT a linear story. It is a mix of different fragments that you yourself, as the reader, have to piece together.All in all, it was an interesting read. If you are a fan of the author, try this one out. If you have not read any of his books before, start with Fight Club, Choke, and maybe even Lullaby. Don't get me wrong, like I said, it was interesting. Grotesque, but entertaining. All I can say though is that, if there was one thing you can count on, whenever you read any of the author's works, is that it will never be ordinary and predictable.
Love the Asics and will purchase more of these but they change the style now. The new ones are different.
For those Radiohead fans who bemoan the fact that &quot;Amnesiac&quot; isn't reminiscent of &quot;The Bends&quot; or &quot;OK Computer,&quot; I can only say, Radiohead has moved on, and so should you. It is THIS cd that has made me a Radiohead fan, not their past recordings. In fact, I never really listened to them before &quot;Amnesiac&quot; and when I went back and listened to &quot;The Bends&quot; it sounded pretty much like run-of-the-mill, mid-90s alternative music borrowing heavily from U2. Musicians and artists should be constantly evolving and redefining themselves (can you say, The Beatles or Miles Davis?). Heaven forbid they find a comfortable rut like R.E.M. and release the same album over and over again, as it seems like some of their fans here wish that they would do.
We put this inside of a cat box liner and then into the litter box. It allows us to just pull the whole thing out, tie it up, and toss it when the litter is past its prime. Seems like something we'll be able to use for a month and toss. It keeps the actual litter box like new.Highly recommended.
The song I speak of is &quot;All Star&quot;. It has been played a billion times in movies, television and radio commercials that sell everything from insurance to automobiles. The song is not even good. The rest of the CD is bland nu-alternative. Smash mouth is the definition of &quot;sellout&quot;.
Bought about 10 of them for my co workers, last Xmas. Got tired of my copy always on "reference" somewhere in the hall, and me having to hunt it down.Excellent business tool, always seems to give the perfect reference when you are crafting that all important email to the world.Noticed after the first couple of weeks that they all had creases in them and were at ready reach to everyone's computer.
Really good concert, wish he had more guests to make it a little longer. Will definetly but more DVDs like this one.r
I think it is important to study different translations of the Bible to grasp the more subtle shades of meaning in its text. Among my favorites are the New English Bible, Amplified Bible, and the good old King James Version, each of which have their place in my study.The Message is the most recent addition to my library, and I am really enjoying its refreshing straight-to-the-point style. This is a Bible for the modern reader. By departing from more formal English, and presenting the text in the way most of us use the language, the stories and characters really come alive. This is a Bible for both casual browsing and extended reading. Where many translations often get bogged down in formality or tedium The Message flows easily, with great clarity.Many years ago I read the entire King James Version from cover to cover. Fascinating as it was (and I learned a lot), much of the reading was pure drudgery. The simplicity of The Message has inspired me to begin reading it from Genesis to Revelation once again. This time I am picking up so much more detail in the stories than I ever have before, and I find I don't want to put it down.The Message cannot replace other Bible translations, but it is a great place to start. More experienced readers will find it a great way to review well-known passages and give them a fresh perspective. I would give The Message five stars, but on occasion I find the words seem a bit trite, such as the use of the phrase "oh, yes!" for "amen."This version of The Message has the largest type face of any version I have seen in stores, though it is still fairly small. The inclusion of verse numbers is important for making comparisons with other translations. Of all the versions of The Message I compared, this one seemed to offer the best value for the money. The publisher even provides a lifetime replacement guarantee on the binding.
Don't get me wrong, I love this game, it plays great but here are the NBA 2K5 sore points:No player introductions!The CPU does not EVER call a timeout!!!No edit number!!!! I traded Garrity to the Lakers, and since Bryant is #8, Garrity got assigned the next available no., which is #0. I cannot change it to #53. A huge mistake. If I trade Hill to Boston, he can wear #33, but it is a retired no, and I cannot change it to something else. How stupid!No season mode!!!!! All they have is some "Association," which only allows you to control one team, therefore you cannot accurately simulate the real regular season, and cannot update other team's rosters to reflect the real-life rosters!Stuff is fat, and dark green for the 3rd straight year. In real life, Stuff is leaner and is neon green.I goaltended a FT and they gave the CPU 2 points!The shooting feels smooth, but the dunks are dumb, they fly really high above the rim for some reason.The rim is a 70's rim, it reminds me of the rim that Darryl Dawkins smashed.The CPU is PG-SG offense oriented. I play vs. the Heat, and Shaq barely touched the ball, if he did, he fired J's!! I played vs. the Lakers, Atkins and Kobe were the only ones shooting, only shots by the other players came on offensive rebounds.The Magic retro jerseys are horrible. It's not even worth describing how fake that is. On the other hand, they have the MPLS Lakers. The Magic retro jerseys look like they were made with MS Paint or Kid Pix.The game rarely shows stat overlays. Live 95 for Sega showed more of those.The game is missing several rookies (Frieje, Delfino, Kusan, Emmett, Vujacic, Tabuse, to name a few.)
Ngaio Marsh was a mystery writer right up there with Agatha Christie. These adaptations are, like all British mystery television, faithful to the period and great whodunits. Whenever Belinda Lang (Agatha Troy) is on the screen the action becomes incredibly interesting. She plays her part with the right flair for sardonic humor and serious concern for those around her. The scenery is fantastic. Who is missing? Alleyn himself. Patrick Malahide plays Alleyn very low key and is blander than pudding. There is a long list of British actors who can play low key and pull it off - Roy Marsden, for one. You sense that underneath that 'calm exterior' there is a lot more going on. Malahide seems blank. You don't even sense that he cares much for Brer Fox - you're not even sure what he is saying until he explains it to one of the baddies. A disappointment! Still a fun ride.
An easy, relaxed introduction to groups and rings. There are lots of problems (most fairly easy, but some were difficult) to hone your skills. The biographical info at the end of each chapter made the book fun to read. It's not, however, a very rigorous book, and I personally didn't like all the info about cryptography. I completely disagree with the previous reviewer on one point- it's no good for a mathematical physics class. I don't think it even talks about continuous groups or Lie algebras, and if it does, it talks about them very briefly.
This mirror is very useful in reducing the blind spot and changing lanes, especially for people with limited mobility of the neck. But you have to be very careful in picking the right spot to stick it on your side mirror. Sit on the driver seat and have another person walk around the side so you can see where this mirror provides the best view of the blind spot.
At last, something original to listen to! The music is surely a bluesy rock pop, but with some strange turns at some even stranger intersections. I found the music derivitive of many sources, but not overly of anyone. Ultimately it maintains its own identity and that is a good thing. Todd Royce is his own entity and his guitar (and the two excellent musicians aiding him) speak rich and textured volumes. The songs are musically sound and yet not pop enough to absorb them all with one listen. This is smart music that requires intelligent listening. Do yourself a favor and pretend that the lyrics did not come with the CD. It is ultimately more rewarding listening when , like the words of Michael Stipe, the lyrics are music in their own right to be discovered on their own terms. Unlike Stipe, you can actually understand what Royce is singing and saying. I'm not a huge fan of the "concept" album, but Royce can be forgiven because he stays true to himself and the personal truth of his message. It's a gut wrenching delivery seasoned with a hopeful spirit. A journey most of us know all to well. We all need to step into the light sooner or later. By the end of the CD, the songs do not end. As the last note fades, it requires us to inquire of ourselves as to what ours or Royce's next journey will be. Todd Royce has stepped into the spotlight with this CD. I hope he receives the attention and accolades due him so he may continue his musical odyssey. It will take me some time to digest this CD, but I already know I would like to hear more. You will too.
After having a Braun and a Bosch which were noisy and ground unevenly, we're really enjoying the Capresso. Believe the on-line recommendations: this is a great grinder. It's quiet, grinds consistently and evenly - no big chunks. Until you get the hang of it, you may find a bit of coffee on the counter when you remove the hopper; we just sit it on one of those flexible plastic cutting sheets so no problem. Hope it lasts a long time because we love it. Did I mention that people comment on how handsome it looks, too?
Yes this blanket is very cuddly.It also bled dye all over our white leather couch.So we're not psyched about that.We're washing our blankets now, maybe that'll help.Don't let this happen to your couch !!
This is a nice thick cover. Thicker than I thought. I just wish it wasn't green but for the quality and price, this is a very good buy
I bought this book hoping to have an early broad conversation about sexuality with my 9 year old boy and found this book to be too detailed for someone that young. The illustrations are over-simplified and may be good for younger kids, but it doesn't jibe with the text which is more complex and biologically, fact-based. A great book- but I found I have to leave it on the shelf for another year or so. I don't think most 9-year olds will get this stuff yet so I'd advise you to hold off buying this unless you have an exceptionally mature child of this age. I'm sure it will be an excellent reference at 10 or 11.
One thing that I need to get off of my chest that has been bugging me for some times now is that: AEON FLUX IS NOT JAPANESE ANIME, it's an adult animated series. Alot of people make the mistake of assuming that if an animated series is aimed towards adults, that it automatically accounts for it being Japanese Anime, which is absolutely not the case. If that were so, then Heavy Metal and The Head might as well be classified as Japanese Anime. It's not.With that cleared, let me state that this collection is truly a special treat for Flux fans. The ten episodes from the animated series are all here & digitally remastered (with Dolby Digital 2.0 & 5.1 surround sound) with newly added dialogue on the first two discs. For staters, Peter Chung ADDED newly recorded dialogue in order to better progress the storyline in certain areas, Chung didn't remove anything (he didn't pull a Mike Judge B&B; Vol. 1 Col) just slightly extended for the best possible sequence. Then there's also the third disc which covers the history of Aeon Flux, including interviews with the producers & voice actors, all of the Aeon Flux shorts (including the pilot), and an overview of all of the main weapons & vehicles spotted throughout the would of Flux (brought to you by Aeon herself), not to mention sketches. What more could a Flux fan ask for?The only real gripes with this collection:1) The commentary isn't as informative or intriguing as could be. In some areas it comes off too discreet at times, focusing too much on the technical aspects of the shots, & very little elsewhere.2) The packaging isn't as robust as could be. It would have been excellent to have seen the futuristic Aeon Flux collection boxed into a tinfoil/plastic casing, with each disc placed in separate pouches in the same case. Rather than each disc separately bundled together in cardboard casing. Could have made for an ever better collectible.3) There's no Anaphormic Widescreen Feature. While it's great that each of the ten episodes were digitally remastered for the best quality possible, it could have been even better if there were an option to watch them in widescreen for a truly enjoyable viewing experience. The episodes are presented only in standard full frame.Other than that, this box set is a complete must-buy just for the ten episodes & shorts alone. However, be advised that this collection (unlike the Hollywood 2005 film) is geared more towards the veteran fans of the series. Newcomers desensitized by today's standard of animated series' and franchises, may not come to like Aeon Flux (unless overly openminded). Aeon Flux is a cult classic in which many would have had to have seen from the days of Liquid Television on MTV, to truly appreciate and love. Peter Chung crated something truly phenomenal when having created Aeon Flux. Some of camera shots he used, had never been seen or done in any other animated series/movie prior. Aeon Flux is like no series you've ever seen before.An absolute must-buy for the fans! Now all we need are some Aeon Flux action figures, and we're all set.
This book is for knitters who want to take the next step and design their own sweaters. It is not a book to glance through in order to glean ideas - it is a book to STUDY. There are some patterns/designs included, but whether or not you like the author's designs is irrelevant - the whole point is to understand how to make your OWN designs from any yarn. I spin my own yarn. I don't want to use anyone else's patterns! This book, along with KNITTING IN THE OLD WAY, and KNITTING FROM THE TOP DOWN, is a teacher, a class, and a reference book all in one. It is not for the faint-hearted! It is for the knitter who says, "I CAN DO IT MYSELF."
Wife and I read it together in bed every night and couldn't put it down. Great writing, captivating, but if it weren't a true story - would be very ho-hum. You will absolutely love this book.
I remember reading and, subsequently, teaching earlier editions of this book. It's a handy collection -- with a particularly good translation of Lysistrata. But that was then, when the book was well under $25. Now it's $104!? That should buy a hardcover with color photos and DVD of famous productions. I know everything goes up in price, but what are we really doing to our students if we ask them to fork over so much money for literature?
Got it, opened it, plugged it in, entered my net info, and Bob's your flippin' Mother's sister's brother!
A friend suggested this book for my husband. While reading the wonderful reviews, I also looked at the "Diet Cure" book for myself. I bought both books and we have been reading them in tandem. Last week, we bought the supplements and have been following Julia's instructions as closely as possible. We are experiencing amazing results! My husband is a natural skeptic and pessimist, and even he is singing the praises of this program. I witnessed immediate improvement in his general moods as well as greatly improved stress coping. Though I would not say that I had a "mood problem", I have noticed that the program I am follwing from "The Diet Cure" has not only cut way back on my carb cravings, it has generally improved my spirits as well. Honestly, these two books can save marriages and I am not one to give high praise lightly. It is worth mentioning that you need to do the program as completely as possible as the various suppliments are truly complimentary. You start with the lowest dosage of the suppliments and work up until you achieve the desired result. The lower doses were not enough for us, so we kept increasing (within the parameters in the books) until we got results. We are so happy we found this information. God bless you Julia Ross!Is this review helpful? Please vote. :-)
The sound on this dvd is terrible. The routine isn't bad, it's very NIA, i.e. if you have any NIA workouts you have this - except there's no floorplay, which is a pity. I love the music on the NIA routines, and bought this because of all the reviewers who said the music was awesome. It would be, if you could hear it. Don't know why she didn't include a music only option - this could have been a video, not a dvd, for all the use of its technology. Anyway, even turned up really loud you can only hear her voice. This is going up for trade.
This movie we watch over and over again.... it has everything.... scarey, funny, sexy - you name it. Chris Sarandon is sooooooo sexy in this movie!
I got one of these a few months ago and love it, though admittedly I don't do anything fancy with it, just shakes. The design is wonderfully simple and elegant, and cleanup is an absolute breeze, taking me no more than a minute.Interestingly, there was a huge price difference between colors when I bought, with the white one I got priced at around $75, and the cool red and tangerine models going for $15-$20 more. I figured the designer colors were positioned to appeal especially to people looking for a memorable wedding or housewarming gift, to whom price would likely be a lesser concern; I'm sure it doesn't cost KitchenAid more to produce a red or tangerine unit (unlike the white iPhone).
If you want a review of the movie itself, check one of the other reviews. However, if you like this movie you would probably appreciate the Criterion Edition. This version of &quot;The Rock&quot; is a significant improvement over the original DVD release. The sound and picture are noticably better. Also, there is an entire disc of Bonus Features that you may find interesting.
I don't know; may be Domingo would be much better off in 1980's MET version with Renata Scotto in the title role. That DVD, however, has been discontinued, while this truly second rate stuff received rave reviews and is still commercially available.Without even going into Scotto's performance there. Kiri Te Kanawa was a white hot property in 1983 in Covent Garden, having sung in St. Paul's Cathedral just 2 years earlier at the wedding of Charles and Diana.However great a lyrical soprano she is, to cast her as Manon Lescaut is among one of the greatest operatic blunder in the recorded era.She hasn't got the colour, the prowess, the expression. A very bland and vocally uninteresting Manon Lescaut, despite her relatively good acting skills (as compared to other sopranos).She is particularly bland and vocally helpless in the last Act, where the dramatic climax lies. And I could not help noticing that she's far more matronly than the role demands in terms of demeanour, and far to noble and reserved. In short, even in terms of acting, she is Kiri Te Kanawa and NEVER was Manon Lescaut.What is it if not hype?I would be pleased to know.
I read a lot of books and enjoy most of them, but rarely remember much about them a week later. This book was so engrossing that I could not put it down! It is a romance, but so much MORE than a romance! There are mysteries to be solved and scenery and black culture of the 50's and 60's to explore and tearfully remember (if you are old enough), and characters to know and love. This book is a masterpiece that will stay with me for a long time to come.
I love Kraus and Cossotto. They are both dynamite singers in this video. Cossotto is a bit heavily made-up and her acting is a bit plastic, but her singing is wonderful. Kraus always pleases me with his general class and finesse, even physically. I am also a big fan of Bruscantini, but I will admit, I didn't think this is the best presentation of his work. His Italian style is wonderful, but his voice and manner seem a bit gruff for this role. I have a few recordings of him where he is very good up to even magnificent, but perhaps this particular music is asking too much fluidity for his voice. Still, he was a thoroughly professional singer and enjoyable enough in this video. It's really fun to get some of these older, live performances of great singers, many now deceased, and relive their artistry, seeing them, whilst hearing them. The sound is good in this recording and I play it often.
I discovered this CD quite accidentally but I was very impressed with the music. CD was issued by Hearts of Space, which is well known to all new age music fans. Steve McDonald is New Zeeland's leading electronic keyboard artists and his music compares with Patrick O'Hearn or Ian Boddy. There are 8 suites on this CD, all instrumental, with nice rhythhms, some are fast-paced, some are slower. I liked track 6 in particular, which starts with the sound of sea waves abd then builds momentum.
I love this album, but I've got to give it 4 stars because of the lack of original material. I've already got a ton of live stuff (get the Best of Boots series!) and I enjoyed the remakes, but I'd rather hear their original song writing. Best tracks are Omaha, Plaid Coat, Lament and of course, Gin and Juice.
I couldn't have given this book more than one star. The plot is so-so, the characters semi-believable, but the writing is just downright bad. Which is pretty consistent with his other work, come to think of it.How bad is bad? How about &quot;Ben slipped his right hand under his left jacket lapel, reached for the cold hard steel of the gun and was afraid.&quot; Huh? Or &quot;He couldn't put it past Agent Navarro to have had some male colleague call the hotel to get his messages, see whom he was in touch with.&quot; Huh? I feel the room around me spinning...Cover of the books says &quot;Perfectly executed...Thunders forward at breakneck pace.&quot; - People. That it ain't. Looks like the pro reviewers are no different than stock analysts. Jack Grubman, you've got company, man. Lots of company.
I won't try to rehash the plot of the story. Others have done a very good job of retelling Cormac McCarthy's astounding story of love, survival and a "how to" manual for when you find yourself at the end of civilization as we know it. I took notes.This is not a happy story. I don't believe that McCarthy has a funny bone in his body. But this story stayed with me long after I finished reading and that, my friends, is what I call a good book. Thought provoking, scary and slightly hopeful, "The Road" gives a mini lesson in what it means to be human and imperfect and how we ultimately manage to live our lives.
I don't know much about fragrances, in general, but I purchased this oil specifically because of the studies that have shown that Lavender "may" increase the quality of sleep. For me, it has, and I put a few drops into a spray bottle, shake, and use that to spray a fine mist on my pillow half an hour before I lay my head on it. Whether it is due to a placebo effect or not is irrelevant for me as I'm willing to try anything to increase my quality of my sleep. It certainly doesn't hurt (unless too many drop of oil are added to the spray bottle). And it's an inexpensive way to relax, also, as I sometimes pick it up to smell it for no reason. I've been reading the comments on here and can't wait to put it to other use. This is a 2 ounce bottle and given that just a couple drop will last me a while, I need to figure out how to justify to my buddies that I have a bottle of Lavender oil laying around my room. It's 2011, already!!! Anywho, very happy with the product.
Sunny Randall is more than a female equivalent of Spenser, though that's a convenient starting point. Like the Spenser novels, these are told in first person by a Boston private investigator. There is a similar wit about her as there is to Spenser. And Parker's writing style is very similar in this novel -- crisp dialogue, brief but important descriptions, and good character development for the genre. Also, as I found in the Jesse Stone novels, there is the occasional involvement of minor characters from the Spenser novels.But -- to a degree -- Randall thinks about the issues that surround her more than Spenser does (or at least Parker shares more of these insights with us). As Spenser sometimes will bounce ideas and theories off Susan Silverman about the psychological make-up of some his clients, Randall does the same about herself, both internally and with her friend, Julie, who is a psychiatrist.Don't get me wrong -- there's plenty of hard-boiled detective mystery here. But Parker continues to prove that he can write more than one-dimensional characters.
MBA aspirants avoid this book , waste of time and money.Instead, I would highly recommend getting ETS guide and Kaplan with CD book.They both are good books.Additional to these if u have time and need some more books to buy I would say get Barrons,Peterson or Arcos, they are pretty decent
I liked Kujibiki Unbalance and plan on keeping it. The product description pretty much sums up this boxed set , you get the complete series and 3 Genshiken OVA's. That being said , here's what I didn't like about the series;It's short, only 12 episodes. Sometimes 12 episodes is enough , but in this case I feel its too short. Some of the episodes feel rushed and there's no real background on the characters other than a couple of flashbacks and a few passing comments and there was no gradual transition between the comedy of the first half and the more serious second half of the series. It felt like it's a lost opportunity that could have made this a really great series.If you're put off by creepy characters, avoid this show. Chihiro's older but younger looking sister is disturbingly obsessed with him. Chihiro blows off her advances and nothing happens between them but it did get to be a bit much.With all this complaining you're probably wondering why I gave it 4 stars. Here's why. The show held my interest, I wanted to see what would happen next and I was entertained. The 3 Genshiken OVA's also helped move it up to 4 stars , they were great.If the price dropped to $10 or lower I'd say pick it up , but at its current price you don't get a lot of value for your buck compared to some of the other anime out there at the same price.So to wrap it up, if you can get it cheap or rent it , give it a shot.
To know Rockaway is to absolutely know what it's like to not be able to live without Rockaway. Kevin Boyle captures Rockaway's darkest moments and shows how a community bonds together and rebuilds. He shows our strength and our unity during these tragic times. Thanks Kevin.
I love this time in Sg-1's history, the characters are all well established, the universe they fight and live in are well defined, and we really start to delve full on into the Ancients story-line once more.What an amazing series.
All I can say is where has this band. I had some extra money when I was buying The Used, and the guy said that if I like The Used and Thursday I should check this band out. So I bought the CD and after listening to The Used I popped this one in and fell in love with this band. The very next day I went and bought the rest of their albums.1. New Beginnings- A great opening song 9/102. Letter To You- My Faviorte Song on the whole CD 900/103. Post Script- Not my faviorte but it is still ok 7/104. Grey Matter- A really good song that is the second best 9/105. Perfection Through Silence- A song that if I was a sensitve guy would make me cry 10/106. Awake- Honestly I dont like this song, dont know why 1/107. Without You Here- Great song which I found myself listenting to over and over again 9.5/108. Stay With Me- Good Song love the drums 9/109. Project Mayhem-I dont really understand the point behind this song but its ok 8/1010. Untitled- Nice song which does the band justice 9/1011. Three Simple Words- Great song which is awesome beyond awesome 1000000000000/1012. Ender-Great song which is weird in some ways but I like it 9/1013. What It Is to Burn- Great way to end a CD. I love it when a band ends their CD with the title. 10/10
The passing of the years (and the infrequent releases by John Fogerty) mean that when one does appear it probably has high expectations which (as in this case) are rarely matched, Which is a shame since his body of work shown by his CCR and first two solos are more than adequate testimony to a true original. All releases since the 1970s in his own name while having their moments (especially "Centrfield") have not been as wholly consistent but as a lifelong CCR fan I still find plenty to enjoy.This new release finds as he showed on his global tour of several years ago supporting Tina Turner, an artiste who still sings with the gusto and plays with the enthusiasm of old. What is sadly lacking here is the hunger and fire of his best songwriting. This is amply demonstrated in the title track "Deja vu" about the Gulf War but nowhere in lyrics or delivery a match for "Fortunate Son" written at the time of the Vietnam War. However there is fortunately enough here to enjoy, especially in his obsevation on new hi-tech lifestyles (Nobody's Here Anymore") with the emphasis on mid temp rockers (even if the usual upfront mix of Fogerty lead guitar chords are lacking). Interestingly the two most memorable tracks are acoustic -"Sugar-Sugar" and "I will walk with you".However, for a man who regularly espouses happy family life (and includes a photo of walking with one of his children in the sleeve) there are three songs in a row ("She's got baggage" (Fogerty meets the Ramones!); "Radar" and "Honey Do") which seem the outpourings against women of a hard done by cantakerous middle aged man and do grate on repeated hearings especially as they are not delivered with any sense of offsetting humour.Prize track for the wooden spoon award is the last "In the garden" where ex-John Mellencamp drummer Kenny Aronoff (always heavier than CCR original Doug Clifford) overpowers proceedings.
I recently purchased this machine to play on my 5 month old Dell Dimension E510 with 1GB of RAM, dual-core processor, and 256MB video card. Nevertheless, the game is choppy and doesn't run well.This is probably due to poor programming, and one should realize that these problems were in another game (Temple of Elemental Evil) by the same company.To run this game correctly, you are going to need a high-end, possible server-class machine with a 768MB video card ($700), dual-processor (add $500), and at least 1.5GB of RAM (add another $200-300). So if you are willing to throw $1400 in upgrades into your machine, or purchase a new machine for $4000-5000 you are good to go.The game is massive and took hours to install. Downloading the 80MB patch from the Internet took an hour in itself.So word of warning. The game will not run on 98% of computers out there. Don't waste money thinking you can run it -you can't.
The basis of the book was rather interesting and being a geek working in the Silicon Valley area, I especially felt I might be able to relate at least some to the content. Unfortunately, the book ended up being extremely fluffy and had various inconsistencies throughout, including character details and language issues that are usually taken care of by a proofreader *before* a book is published.The book also flowed along at a decent pace for the first three-fourths of it, but then included a sudden 8-month jump in the storyline that left me hanging. After this jump in the timeline, various details were introduced without any back-up or reason for their inclusion. It seemed as if the author got to this point and then decided he was writing too much, so as a quick solution to end the book within the next 20 pages, he threw in the time jump.Overall, if you want a fluffy book about geek life and that you can finish quickly, this is the book for you. Just don't expect any quality writing if you pick it up.
On February 25, 2004 at 5:30 PM, I wasn't exactly sure how to feel because I was sitting in front of a screen that was ready to project what's been called one of the most controversial and brutal films ever made. I was ready to settle in for some trailers, but there were none. The film started precisely on schedule, and I was already taken aback by the sudden commencement of the film. I wasn't sure how to prepare myself. I knew that I was going to witness disturbing frames of film, but the result was more than I can say. Simply put it, "The Passion of the Christ" is an experience that cannot be described in words, but only in the art form that Mel Gibson has created to express a feeling like no other. In this review, I will rave about the film being the best ever. Why? Because it is."The Passion," as most call it in short, is not only Mel Gibson's finest work (he had previously directed "Bravehart" and "The Man Without a Face," two fabulous films) but it is the most triumphant motion picture ever to hit the big screen. What we see here is a film with a direct focus that has the ability to create an emotion that is completely indescribable. The focus is on the title, which Gibson uses as the centerpiece of what his film is truly about, and that is the willpower of Jesus Christ, the love and the passion that resided in his body to carry on through the worst possible human torture that anyone has ever endured in history. The only way to really feel that and to express that theme is to show the graphic violence that was depicted by several amazing special effects artists whom worked on this film. On film, it was no longer make-up or special effects; it was real, completely real. Exaggerated? Yes, of course, that's how a theme is drawn out. Although it was the most violent picture I have ever seen in my life, it was made that way to complete this theme of passion. The actual passion is what Jesus had to endure, and had the film been shown any other way that passion could never be conveyed.Every frame of Gibson's work is a concentrated art and has pure perfectionism written all over it. Much of the great visual aspects of the film can be credited to cinematographer Caleb Deschanel, an artist whose work has been nominated several times for Oscars on films such as "The Natural" and "The Patriot." To further Mel's perfectionism, he relied on production designer Francisco Frigeri and costume designer Maurizio Millenotti to create the very accurate period look to the film. The frighteningly realistic makeup and special-effects were done by Greg Cannom and Renato Agostini, two artists who have now excelled to the most supreme level of movie magic. I also appreciated John Debney's score that was fluent throughout the entire film. As a matter of fact, I can't think of any moments in the film that did not have music playing. It was a really great way to enhance a story that was foreign to our ears and depended on subtitles to convey the literal text of the film. Debney really found his own way of telling a story through music, keeping the audience entrenched in the world Mel Gibson has set us in.And finally, the acting was brutally realistic. Jim Caviezel had the incredibly difficult task of bringing the most beloved figure in history to the screen, Jesus Christ. His performance is worthy of more than an Oscar, but it should be considered one of the top five best performances in the history of film. Rosalinda Celentano had the task of bringing histories most despised figure to screen, Satan. She was not just some creepy figure that made the film scary, but she had a distinct purpose in being the obstacle in Jesus' life. Her constant interference was used to tempt Jesus down a path that would eliminate all passion and glory. I really liked the use of her eyes. It created a distinct look that when she stared at the camera, you felt the intimidation that Jesus was feeling, and the provocation that Jesus felt when she smiled at him. In Gibson's visual style, this would be credited as the motif for the temptation towards Christ. Monica Bellucci played the beautiful Mary Magdalene, a lover of Jesus. She did her job creating emotion alongside another performer whom swept me away, Maia Morgenstern as Mary, Mother of God. What an amazing job she did in creating the passion of a loving mother. Absolutely stunning. Makeup, effects, and costume do a lot to enhance a character, but performance is what makes them real.As a film reviewer, it's not my job to do what I really don't want to do, and that is touch upon the controversy. Before viewing the film I promised myself I wouldn't, but it now seems necessary because I have a few things that need to be cleared up. Anti-Semitic my ass. This film spills the truth. This is what happened in the Bible, this is what the Christian society believes, and this is how it MUST be told. Any other way would disgrace and insult the passages that we know in the Great Book itself. And let me explain how it all works. Did the Jews kill Christ? Yes. Was Jesus Jewish himself? Yes. Oh, and there was another Jewish man who came along to help Christ carry the Cross. In addition, Jesus' Jewish family and friends were on his side. So really, what can we compare this to? Well, if we would all like to use our precious brains that God gave us for just once without trying to stand on some large mountain and get attention by protesting these issues, just think Civil War. Essentially, that's all this is. It is a community of Jewish people all hurting each other. Some are on the good side, Jesus' side; others are on the bad side, Caiphas' side. So why all of a sudden is it Mel Gibson demising a Jewish community whom are all in a conflict? What if he made a picture about the Civil War? Would he be insulting Americans, saying that Americans killed, well, Americans? Honestly, let's think of the circumstances. No matter what group of people you put in there they will all be considered as being demised by Gibson for killing Christ. The fact that it is Jews in the Bible makes it no more than a Civil War, and if we have to cry out and say that that's anti-Semitic, well then we have more issues than I realized, and I only hope there's enough tissues to go around and collect all the tears from these crybabies who are protesting. And that's all I have to say about that.Bottom line, it's not just any great film to see, but far beyond. It is a great experience to go through and to feel. Any person that comes out of this movie saying it wasn't a great experience must be a heartless and cold being with no feeling of remorse for anyone. I hope everyone will see this film and understand what one man went through and "the passion" he had to carry on with it further than any human could ever possibly tolerate, regardless of their religious beliefs. You will be moved by this great motion picture epic, I guarantee it.Grade: A++ (first ever)-Rock Hogan
I'm glad amazon is available and has such a large selection of products, otherwise I would have bombed my electrical engineering classes.The book was in great condition for the price.
Hugh Holton has created an excellent Chicago based story that weaves in at least 3 main story lines with at least 3 more sub stories. I currently live in the windy city and it was fun to read the street locations, etc. and know that they did in fact exist and were accurate in their descriptions. I am usually not a fan of the author that tells the story by jumping from one character's view to another character's view but in this case it really works. You understand the psyche of the story teller of the moment and Hugh does an excellent job of tying one lead in to another. In other words you are never left hanging as to why he went from one point of view to another. That's usually where the some author's go wrong when trying to tell a story from multiple viewpoints.If I had a complaint, mind you this is real small, it's that I would have liked a few more pages devoted to the cop Larry Cole. I suspect Hugh didn't give him more pages because he himself is a cop.You'll find yourself sympathizing with Reggie,one of the main characters, his upbringing with his grandmother and uncle Ernst and then what the FBI does to him when all he wanted to be was a law abiding cop. Even though Hugh is busy telling you the story straight out you keep second guessing him and you end up surprised in the end. Although Hugh can be forgiven his slight digression of giving away who Reggie's father was so early in the book.Speaking as one who is easily bored I have to say at every opportunity I had I would pick up this book to read it and managed to finish it in a couple of days. I can't wait to get to his other books.
Interdynamics should have know that this unit needs alligator style clips. I melted two connectors after replacing the first. No more! However, this unit is far more powerful than other AC's I have owned. It has the ability to pump for a long time, hence the ability to melt lighter plugs - I have used it on a few motorhome tires that required 90PSI, and it did take quite a while to get there; but it kept going and got the job done. I immediately hooked it to another tire and ran it another 15 minutes. I have only had it for a couple months, but it does claim a 5 year warranty. This compressor is worth the $50, if you want better you have to spend hundreds.
I have to be really floored by an album to post a review. I"m not a music critic,nor do I pretend to be. I'll leave the analysis of each track to others. Let me say this; the "Inconsolable Secret"speaks for itself. Fred Shendel is possibly the absolute best keyboard player today in Prog and Steve Babb along with being a tremendous writer of poetry and prose, plays the bass with big, fat,and powerful runs. Reminds me of my favorite bass player in Prog: Chris Squire. I have not read anybody's opinion of GH's compositional ability it is in a word masterful, this band are truly made up of brilliant musicians. To the previous reviewer, you mentioned the weak vocals of Walter Moore and Susie Bogdanowicz, are you serious, man? Are you a musical mental midget? must be, for you can't be listening to GH. All vocals are very good, especially the female vocals. Listen to "Lirazel" and I mean listen. We must never forget,Laura Lindstrom,Flo Paris,Bethany Warren and Sarah Snyder,who combine for an angelic choir. I know musical opinions are subjective. And I respect everyone's thoughts. Stupid opinions garner no respect. There is not one wasted note on this masterpiece. If you are reading this go to "add to cart" immediately, do not wait. And you will thank the wonderful group of musicians known as Glass Hammer. BTW, I suggest all of their recordings, you will then enter symphonic prog nirvana. Razors edge. Peace.
It's not longer available. That's too bad, because I will use this until it's ragged, and then see if I can find something that resembles it.
This book was created from pictures taken in the early 90's, so it is s bit dated, especially in the more developed nations. Things like computers and other tech is obviously missing. I know that many destitute Africans now even have cell phones, not shown here. Otherwise, this is a great book and is very educational. After reading it, I got to wondering what my possesions on the street would look like...
My son was given the Vtech Crazy Legs Bug as a Christmas gift and we have been disappointed (and annoyed) from the first moment it arrived. First of all, the toy turned on in shipping - the "on - off" level is really loose - so the box was singing when we got it home. It really hasn't stopped since. You only have to THINK about this toy and it starts singing the most annoying song (and the only song?) about sorting shapes. The legs have shapes on then that are supposed to attach to the matching shaped lights - which is a good idea - but the execution was no good. It's hard for me to insert the shapes let alone my 11 month old - plus the shapes can only connect on one side where there are magnets. The largest light on the toy is on the top of the bug - naturally you'd think that you can touch it at will to maybe make the bug sing or something but you'd be wrong - when you touch the light (which is the only one my son is really all that interested in messing with) the bug says "uh oh" and then laughs like they've done something wrong. It's semi-condesending.I appreciate the thought and the gift but I wanted to post a comment so others would know before hand to save their money and buy something else.
Wow. I had put off reading this book because of the decidedly mixed reviews it had received. I wish I hadn't waited. I just tore through this book in a few hours' time, and when I reached the end, it left me with that weird teary feeling that comes on when I really connect with a story.The narrator of this book, Wayne, finds out that his ex-girlfriend has committed suicide. Over the course of the book, every decision he makes, each path he carves out is somehow colored by the horrible news he has received.This is, in some sense, a road novel combined with A. J. Jacob's The Know-It-All, which, coincidentally, I just finished reading a couple of weeks ago. Wayne's narrative is populated with definitions of words and the history of places, inventions and ideas. It is not clear as you read that these devices are directly tied to the narrative. I understand that some readers become impatient with this. I think perhaps The Know-It-All conditioned me for this -- but for whatever reason, it worked for me.By the end, I understood exactly what why these passages and digressions were there, and when I soaked up the last word of the last page, I experienced a moment of clarity about the narrator and his trajectory that startled me.This review may sound fairly vague, but I'd hate to get more specific about the "message" of this book and color your own interpretation or ruin your own experience reading it. I am guessing that this is the kind of book that will mean different things to different people, and resonate with their own life experiences in different ways.I recommend it to all, especially those who feel they can adapt to a somewhat experimental narrative form. I also wonder if this book will resonate more with men than women, but obviously I can't say...
The first Fallout is arguably the best computerzed role playing game ever made. This is for a reason that this is both, a non-linear game (that is a game in which you can go anywhere and do anything), and because it has a definite push - a series of objectives with a deadline and condiitons, that will alter what happens later on in the game. This is so much more advanced than most of the typical sword and sorcery RPG's, where you essentially fight a progressive series of stronger and stronger villains that lead up a trail of crumbs to your nemesis, that the game is usually referred to dergoatorily as &quot;linear&quot; and the only resemblence to a role playing game is in character development. Because of that quality alone, that there is an open world to explore, that there are objectives and deadlines with long term consequences, the Fallout One gets its accolade as the best computerized RPG.Unlike Wasteland, its predecessor (See my review Aftermath! Ascendant for a comprehensive pre-history of this game genre), this is not the computerized paper and pencil game, Fallout uses the role playing game rules (you don't shoot an object on the screen and the game does not take place in real time. You fie at an object, the computer generates a random number and compares it with your odds of hitting that target), but the game is told entirely on computer via text and graphics. The game is totally driven by the point and click environment using a vriety of cursors and sub-menus to deliver an incredible interface that lets you fight, explore and play the game set in the fascinating world of post nukewar california. The story is told through its graphics, short films, the written documents that the player recovers and studies, and through interaction with other characters, captured from real life actors and animated by computer. Perhaps the only weakness of the game is that it's dialogue interface is open ended and operates on keywords, which does not allow you to role play much with your character, but can really explore and meet the natives of this hostile wasteland!The skill and sophistication of the artists and the writers who created the game clearly shines through. The place is apparently North America, but it's not quite the place that we know. From the opening film we see US annexing Canada in the months preceding the fatal nuclear exchange. The game is set in an alternative universe where the cold war and the bomb has apparently run amok. Unlike the rest of the games of this type,it draws heavily on the culture of The Bomb and it subtly satirizes the 'Fifties. The creators of this game had done their research and thre in the vestiges of the Soviet, as well as our own cold-war era Sci-Fi that contributes greatly to this &quot;Something is weird not quite right with this palce&quot; other worldly feel that this game world possesses. The artists who designed this game did a great job syncretising the California culture through the nuclear apocalypse. The depth and complexity of this world is incredible. In the twisted mirror of the game you see reflections of Mc Carthyism,street punk of Haight and Ashbury, the latest migration trends, new age philosophy goen radioactive and the urban guerrillas of the sixties. The context in which this role playing game takes place is incredible. The more you know about the world and society, the more you will get out of this game. All of this is translated beautifully into the game terms. The underground shelter of a utopian society in which you live has lost its ability to purify water (there we go with this California business again: water is an issue!). You, the Vault Dweller will be the first in decades to venture into the world Out There, with only a sketchy information about a sister fallout shelter a few days journey to the east. Good luck as the heavy door slams behind you! No wonder they got the Game of the Year award in 1997!For my take on Fallout TWO see FalloutTWO: Biblical Wanderings.
One of the best experimental design books I've read. More attention ought to be paid to design as good design makes the analysis at the end that much simpler
I've bought and sold many options using a variety of strategies. I enjoy reading as much as possible on options strategies because of the complexity of the subject. The author writes in a very clear logical sequence starting with Options 101 and then rapidly moves on to the more advanced strategies. He doesn't lose you in technical terms but keeps your interest as he walks through Options 401 (more advanced), and onto the more complex stuff. If you want to understand all of the "greek" options stuff, he explains it in an understandable format. Most options books I read get too generic and I lose interest but this book was different and I actually enjoyed it. I have 5 options books on my shelf right now and this one is the best of the group by far.
I don't know why it was recommended for the Canon 85mm. It doesn't attach to it at all! What the heck?! I want a protection filter but I'm not sure my lens will take one??
If you can find this Vol.2 of the Complete Bobby Bland On Duke Records collection anywhere, buy it. Even if it costs ten million dollars. This music is priceless. It will leave you speechless with tears in your eyes.
I enjoyed this movie. The action was a bit slow so my 9yo boy lost interest, but my 12yo daughter stayed with it (with a few complaints). We watched the movie Chariots of Fire before it and, of course, Hollywood changed things rather drastically. While Chariots is still a good movie, it lost the real character of Liddell. I found him much more inspiring after watching this movie.I think it would be great in a church library and highschool youth leaders should use it for a movie night.
Got this for a family visit and they had no complaints. It seems very durable and only needs a air refill every couple of days.
I kept waiting for this book to get exciting and stay that way. It would grab me for a brief moment encourage me to read a little further then it would lose momentum. The narrator is constantly jumping around from past to present. After a while it became monotonous.I disagree with one of the previous readers about the narrator being the murderor and her reasons for doing so. But I did feel that the narrator was immature (even in later life) and a liar.There were so many characters and sub-plots (ie her relationship with her daughters and her mother) but nothing gets fully developed. I think the author should have consentrated on several aspects instead of trying to pull together in the format that she did.Generally speaking it was a book I couldn't wait to finish. But unlike some novels this couldn't be skimmed because it was too easy to get lost....never knowing whether the character is in the present or thinking to the past or dreaming about the future. I'm glad it is finally done!It's not a book I will recommend to any of my friends or relatives. It would bore them to tears and only frustrate them.
They should leave this stuff to the Japanese.Like the previous writer had said,Who would go to this college.I would of said the town,city and state.If the people can't handle the truth it is not my problem.Anyway our main hero here is Mattie,a confused woman who can't understand why her boyfriend isn't returning her calls.Well he's not himself Mattie you see your sleazy lover has been spending way too much time on his computer with viruses.He now just unleashed it through ways of communication.All your friends are gone.Its up to her and whats his name to save the day or night or whatever.Maybe they should save it from itself.The only character who made in impact was Brad Dourif.He was even smart enough not to stay.Final words RENT PREY INSTEAD!
Perfect products!! Yes I own 3 now. Excellent gift idea. These things do exactly what it says in the description and does it exceptional well. I've tested every aspect, and not on purpose. Project protect my stuff!!
I don't really know what was worse about this book, the ridiculous plot or the ethnic stereotypes. Skip it and watch some grass grow instead, if you're that bored.
REGARDING THE WHOLE BLOODY AFFAIR: First off, The Weinstein Company owns the rights to "The Whole Bloody Affair" when it arrives, so you can't fault Disney for releasing the one and only cut of this movie that they own. They do not, have not and will not have the ability to put out "The Whole Bloody Affair".And if you're waiting for "The Whole Bloody Affair" I hope you have other things to occupy your time. "TWBA" was first mentioned in 2004, and it's since been four long years without literally ANY actual progress on the front of that cut surfacing. The cut is NOT yet finished. I think people are under the impression that foreign cuts of KB are "TWBA" and they are NOT. Quentin has NOT YET CUT "THE WHOLE BLOODY AFFAIR" TOGETHER AT ALL. Every year he makes a promise that he's about to get to it, to no avail. I wouldn't say I'm actually skeptical it will ever come out (I'm sure Quentin wants to do it) but I'm not exactly holding my breath anymore either.So, in conclusion: Not only is "The Whole Bloody Affair" NOT coming out tomorrow or something, but it's not likely to come out for quite a long time (especially with Quentin starting Inglorious Bastards), and when it does, it won't be through Buena Vista.Thanks.EDIT: In 2011, the completed "Whole Bloody Affair" did finally premiere at the New Beverly in Los Angeles for a week during programming selected by Tarantino (who owns a stake in the theater). There is still no release date for a home video version.
I love the bargain in this kit. The price can not be beat. Susan Branch has the perfect designs for adult women. Cute but not kiddish. I have used the items in this kit for creative scrapbook pages as well as greeting cards and even to decorate a handmade frame. You do not need to be making a wedding album to take advantage of using these themed products they can be adapted to many other themes such as love, valentines day, sweethearts or even feminine themes.
This cd is so amazingly gorgeous. Every single song is beautiful and achingly dreamy in every possible way. OMD on this cd has a dreamy, innocent sound, lots of haunting instrumental, angelic female voices, McCluskey's brit-boy voice--all fuses together like a call from heaven. Pure bliss, esp. the track &quot;was it something i said&quot; which is positively MANDATORY listening for tortured souls. Pained and heartfelt, this cd hits you like no other omd cd. It is more &quot;emotional&quot; than it's others, (except maybe for Liberator)
If I were an English teacher at Columbine High School (or any American high school, for that matter), I would put this book at the top of my students' reading list, even if I had to go to war with the school board to do it. In addition to being an utterly captivating literary performance from beginning to end, this book examines the problem of violence in society in ways no writer has done before or since. Regrettably, I think, most readers miss Burgess' point. A Clockwork Orange is not so much about the evils of totalitarianism and the importance of free will as it is about the clash of the &quot;evil&quot; state vs. the evil individual. In the end, total government with all its prisons and behavior-modifying technologies is no match for man's potential for total depravity. So who's to blame for violence in society and what's the cure? Burgess offers plenty of clues, and the possibilities for discussion are endless.
It's simple, really. Make your song stand out and be better than all the competition, while still adhering to a long list of unwritten (until now) rules about what constitutes a commercial cut, plus avoiding an even more byzantine array of artistic and business taboos that could send your creation straight to the trash.Admittedly, it's tempting to dismiss the un-comforting advice Blume gives, especially when you learn that he is the co-author of such how-does-that-go-again? filler as Britney Spears' "Dear Diary" or the Backstreet Boys' "Back to My Heart" (not to be confused with "Shape of My Heart"). But regardless of whether you respect his work or not, the guy knows how the system works and how the game is played. And he doesn't sugarcoat things, which is good, because he knows the nuances and subtleties of what artists, labels, and producers are looking for.He reminds readers to practice and rewrite incessantly, give themselves time to develop their craft, get unbiased feedback, and start small - with local, no-name artists (hopefully) on the rise.It's also tempting to recoil at his advice for how to write lyrics and melodies - is he trying to codify a formula? Not really. Blume makes it clear that artistic merit is subjective, but if you don't want to conform at least somewhat, you're better off forming your own alternative band than pitching your ahead-of-their-time creations to platinum recording artists.However, he leaves out an important point that Donald Passman makes in his "All You Need to Know About the Music Business" - businesspeople have many ways of getting around the federally set royalty rates. As the legendary guitarist Carlos Alomar puts it when he talks to indie acts, it's up to the artist to determine whether they're willing to get cheated a little in return for exposure. (Alomar's take is that it's usually worth it.)Blume does offer one morsel of spectacularly wrong advice - p. 21: "Similarly, if you are writing for an artist who is known for his or her instrumental ability (for example, Carlos Santana or Bonnie Raitt), it might be a good idea to include an instrumental solo." In fact, Raitt has publicly stated that including a slide-guitar solo in your demo is a good way to get on her bad side - it's presumptuous, because it smacks of trying to tell Bonnie Raitt how to be Bonnie Raitt.Overall, though, this book is a fine reference, and in addition to Blume's articulate advice, includes dozens of truly insightful comments from a broad spectrum of industry pros.
People who rate this as 5 star i mean what in movie you thought was cool.I thoguth it was interesting until they showed godzillaI was like Tyranosarus Rex with Spikes what the hell happen to Godzilla.Then from then on the movie sucked.People rate this as 5 stating that its better then a moth showing up and better then those cheesy flicks??? OK I guess I mean it seems some of these people never saw godzilla movies and mean I dont blame them but how you going to compare with new technology then old technologyof course the new is going to be better.Special effects are good I have to say but not Godzilla.You got little godzilla bastards running around like wannabe Raptors trying to kill people?Im telling If you a G fan this movie was not so hot if you want to buy it I suggest you Buy Jurassic Park cus you will see alot moreof dinosaurs then this movie.
After 100 pages I'd no intent on continuing. I've grown tired of the "poor rural barbarism" that permeates many novels recently.Yet wait. This review is a rave.I came back to the novel with a little hope and was rewarded. Where the first half focuses on people's cruelty, the second half rebounds with simple humanity and a true insight to how people can better the world ... not on a grand scale but for a few neighboring souls.This almost non-read becomes a great novel. It's a testament to Haruf's skill and trust in us to keep the faith.
Suspenseful, non-stop action, and interesting subject---mercy killing. Loved the book.
I have taken Calcium/D supplements for years with no tolerance issues. When time came to get more, the Rainbow Light food-based variety seemed not only like a great idea and product. After about a week of taking these, I had very "sour" stomach and could not figure out what the issue was. Then I remembered starting to take this supplement! I immediately stopped taking it and within days my stomach was back to usual. While the cause may not have been the Rainbow Light Calcium, I am not taking a chance of experiencing that again! I am not sure what is in it that disagreed with me (there are odd added things like stinging nettle, spirulina, betaine and horestail), and I do hope this works for everyone else!
I was first attracted to Friedman by reading "The Lexus and the Olive Tree," which was a fantastic book on its own. I then became more interested in his articles in the New York Times. However the book that started it all, "From Beirut to Jerusalem" always seemed to elude me even though it had won many accolades including the National Book Award. I finanlly decided to read it and finished it almost as soon as I picked it up.Friedman's style it very engaging and I love the way he illustrates his points anecdotally. He has an uncanny ability to reduce very complicated issues to a level understood by a wide array of readers. "From Beirut to Jerusalem" can be read as a book on politics or a work in cultural geography. Furthermore, there are many other disciplines that Friedman seems to address in recounting his years of experience living in both Beirut and Jerusalem. The book is not a comprehensive history of the conflicting regions nor is it an outright endorsement of the state of Israel. In fact, Mr. Friedman, who is a Jew, has some rather interesting things to say concerning the state of Israel and their behavior over the last couple of decades. He recognizes the legitimacy of the Palestinian's argument and has an even-handed approach to the issue.My only complaint is that I wish Friedman would continually update the book since the relationship between the Palestinians and the Jews is one of the most dynamic relationships in world politics today. The situation is always evolving.As is stated by Seymour Hersh on the back cover of my edition, "If you're only going to read one book on the Middle East, this is it." I agree wholeheartedly.
The game loaded well, needed to re-boot , no big deal, BUT it has a program protector , that destroys your computers drivers.So I did not complete the download process.Had I know about the game protection system, I would not have purchased the game.
This is a fine archival CD, a class production of two important, though somewhat unrelated, works: Haydn's 92nd Symphony, and Shubert's last symphony, #9. The conductor here is the beloved Bruno Walter, and he does a very fine job indeed with both composers: deft with Haydn, and strong and assertive with Schubert. The 92nd symphony of Haydn is a very interesting addition to one's collection, as it is the symphony that precedes his remarkable series of 12 "London Symphonies" (93 - 104), is a beautiful work in itself, and easily is comparble in quality to the finest of the London series, and therefore among his finest symphonies period. It actually is reminiscent of Beethoven.The Schubert symphony, No. 9 "The Great", is I think easily his best (though the unfinished #8 is a beautiful work). This is a big, blustery composition, with Schubert finally beginning to master the symphonic form. This is the longer of the two works, the most important, and best conducted; the CD is worth buying just for Walter's rousing performance of the 9th. And it gives indications of what great works Schubert may have produced had he lived longer.... There is some Incidental Music by Schubert to finish the CD, which is very pleasant. In conclusion, this is a wonderful compilation of two highly interesting works, and heartily recommended if you can get it for a reasonable price.
It had too much sasdistic treatment of females. Too many unnesescary murders of girls & women, plus killing of some males. Too much fantasy which added nothing to possible ejoyment of the movie. I could not, in good conscience reocmmend this item to any other sensitive, sensible, reasonably realistic, thinking individual, or couple or group. I had no idea that this was such a repulsively presentation. I regret having been drawn in to naively order anything so reprehensible.
As with all anthologies, there will be a number of reviewers sniffing in an offended manner at the dearth (or glut) of Cummings, Yeats, Aiken, or Pope, but any 600 page anthology, by it's very nature, must be incomplete. I purchased this compilation three years ago for long flights and such and it has yet to disappoint. For the size and price of this work, one would be hard-pressed to do better.As for content, all the major poets are more or less liberally represented. Cummings gets short shrift, and several of Yeats' most memorable pieces "An Irish Airman Forsees His Death", for one) are excluded. Yet I am certain novice and old hand alike will find this work passes the time admirably.Having been with me through several housheold moves, military action, and cramped backpacks no self-respecting piece of literature should have to endure, my copy is now fairly falling apart. Yet when it expires, I will buy another copy. No other anthology, especially in terms of price, convenience, and memories, could ever compare.
I love a good majority of Mel Brooks movies, but what brings this movie down is the fact that John Candy stars in it. I don't know what there is about him, but I find him to be very annoying, and about as funny as a rubber crutch! I don't have a movie in my collection with John Candy in it. I think he was a very over rated comedian/actor. Rick Moranis shines through on this one. Supporting cast is up there as well. Bill Pullman proves to me that he can do different roles, playing a somewhat comedian role on Spaceballs. Somewhat humorous role in Lake Placid, and a serious role as president in Independence Day.This is a great spoof off Star Wars. Mel Brooks has put out some real good movies in the past, and he always seems to get the right people to play the right parts. I remember seeing 2 of his great movies when I was in the service - Young Frankenstien, and Blazing Saddles. Blazing Saddles has been butchered when it was shown on network television with all the editing, so owning a copy of this classic is on my to do list. Spaceballs seems to be ok on network television, because it doesn't have the racial overtone that Blazing Saddles does. I recommend most of Mel Brooks movies. Even though I don't care for John Candy, I think Mel Brooks did well by putting him in this movie.
I love this show. I've been a fan of The Walking Dead since day one when I purchased the original books years ago. Even though this show has some differences from the books, I still enjoy the program very much. That is the reason why I jumped on season one at the $27 price here on Amazon for the Blu-ray version.My reason for the four star rating has little to do with the content of the show, but rather is a complaint about the quality of the Blu-ray. I watch this show through my PS3 in 1080p on an LG LCD TV, and I am disappointed in many scenes. The video quality looks like the show was shot in improperly lit scenes with a Canon dSLR set on a high ISO. There is way too much grain in the shots done in the forest or inside of rooms. It is distracting and annoying to see this on a Blu-ray edition. What makes it so frustrating is that in many shots, ones that are well lit, this issue does not exist.Maybe I have unrealistic expectations in hoping for Hollywood film quality Blu-ray resolution from a TV show. Even so, I think this is something that takes away from the quality of the presentation. The difference between the price on the DVD and Blu-ray editions is about $5, so I would suggest someone who owns both go ahead and get the Blu-ray. That said, I would like to see the difference between the DVD in an up-converting player (like my PS3) and the Blu-ray.In spite of that minor complaint, I still love the show and can't wait for season two.
There are many great reviews already written saying exactly what I wanted to say about this book. I am left to add a note expressing the way this book made me feel. As Wang Lung would return to his land to find peace of mind, I found myself returning to this book to find mine.
I think the Beatles were one of those bands who were best in their mid-career. Their early albums were a little bit sugary and included too many straight cover versions. It was with 'Help', 'Rubber Soul' and 'Revolver' that the Beatles started to become not just a successful band but a significant one. This album is a classic by any standards and there's something for everyone. I don't like all the songs on here ('Goodday sunshine', 'doctor Robert' and 'Yellow Submarine' never appealed to me), but most of the rest is excellent and truly inspired. You expect John Lennon to be producing excellent material (and here he doesn't disappoint) but the Paul McCartney songs on here are also amongst his best ('For no one' is probably the finest song he ever wrote- he was always best at 'end of relationship' songs). The album ends with probably the most significant Beatles' song ever: 'Tomorrow Never Knows'. This was the hint of what was to follow and provides a clear indication of why the group are remembered as one of the best of all time. I would love to have seen the faces of those who bought the album when it first came out and heard this track which even today sounds highly original and off-beat. This is a must for all people seriously interested in music.
Internet Security is a great program. I would recommend fresh installs over upgrades. Like the title reads, annoyance is the price for security. The product nags a bit and the informational pop ups do get tiring but I would rather know what is going on as opposed to working in the blind.Another note, the rebates are great but make copies/scans of everything and be careful with that you submit. Symantec's rebate handlers love rejecting rebates for "missing UPC codes." You are going to want to track the rebates so when they do reject your submission you can immediately call them and let them know you have scans/copies, receipts, credit card statements, an Amazon order numbers. Just follow up, they will honor it if you are on the ball with the copies.
I have been buying this brand of boneless and skinless sardines for years and still love to just open a can and eat them for a snack. I know that being boneless and skinless lowers the calcium level but I've never liked the crunch or taste of eating a whole sardine right from the sea. And they are packed in olive oil which is loaded with Omega 3's too so it's as good for you as are the sardines. However, I am not so sure about their actual mercury levels. Buying them from Amazon with their $10. off sale on $49. purchases is a great price. I've even found that many of the local grocery stores as well as Costco and BJ's NO longer carry this product. Or their price has skyrocketed. It's great to be able to stock pile them from Amazon. If you like sardines, you'll love these! And they are just so nutritious for us all.
I decided to pick up this book on a whim based on the cover art and review I read on the web. I was not disappointed. The story is short but packs a decent amount of story told from the perspectives of three characters, Jim the bunny, Andy the dejected writer and robot. Jim has just been fired from his job at the sandwich place because he doesn't wear gloves because he doesn't have fingers. As a result, he doesn't have his share of the rent and has to ask his parents. Andy is a video store worker with dreams of being published, but that's not happening anytime soon. So, all his friends are giving him story ideas, i.e. one suggests the missing idea component of the current novels being menopause. And robot is following a bird in order to know what it is like to be human.The story is cute and so is the art. The art is simple but beautiful. I should mention that the book is not your usual comic size but is smaller, looks sort of like those manga digests. But for $7.00, it's worth it. Highly recommended.
Izzard proves that he is the greatest living comedian in this video. While I had first caught glimpses of his act during "Dress Kills" run on HBO, it was this video that proved to me the real genius that is Eddie Izzard.This T.V. Brit takes on every aspect of the human condition and inevitablely leaves you crying for more. His style is such a refreshing contrast from his contemporaries. His use of explicit language, while there, is used not to shock or offend, but as if you were thinking the same thing to yourself and goes by unnoticed (some moralists will have a field day with that concept).In addition, Izzard's use of story and gesture to communicate his perspective on the world makes him better rounded than his New York megastar peer and master of observation comedy, Jerry Seinfeld. Also, Izzard's comedy is not bent on getting to the punch line and making you laugh. Instead, this is a show that is meant to last 90 minutes and makes you want more.I bought this video nearly two years ago and it still gets play in my VCR. This is not one I leave out for show to prove my friends how cool I am; rather, I put it in the VCR to show how cool I am. This is by far one of the best purchases I have made and would gladly buy it for myself again or for a friend.Izzard's humor is irreverent, but classy, intellectual, but slapstick, and hilarious, but hilarious... there is simply no other way to put it. You need him in your home. You really have no idea how much. You'll thank me when you buy it.
I reread the Dragons of Pern series a few months ago, but didn't pick this one up until yesterday. Once I started reading, I could not put it down. It is easy to feel sorry for Mellony and her life. Having read the Dragons of Pern books, I knew how it turns out, but it still leaves you wondering HOW she will become a Harper.Many people have said they found this book confusing and that it leaves you hanging. It leaves you hanging because it is the first book in a trilogy. As for confusing, if you haven't read the main Dragons of Pern books, yes, it will be confusing. This book is not a stand-alone, but is intended to go along with what you already know. (Several main characters from the other books make appearances and one major event is relived from a different point of view.)If you haven't read most of the other Pern books, read them first. Then get this one. You won't be sorry.
After playing a little with every kind of cool rock style known to the mankind at that point, Ritchie Blackmore and friends have finally found their niche. I am mentioning Ritchie here by name 'cause without him this was not going to happen. He is so blisteringly fast here you can be sure that fans were just fainting in droves during concerts just looking at him or at home listening to this record and trying to mentally fathom how the heck does he move his fingers... "Speed King" simply blows you away - even nowadays; and try to imagine how that must have sounded to unsuspecting listeners in 1972. Then you have absolutely stunning "Child in Time" and "Into the Fire"... still causes my eyes to water upon remembering the first time I heard this and thought to myself "this is freaking amazing... what kind of music is that and why have I never heard stuff like that before". As it is well-known, DP is not as famous in the States as Black Sabbath which together with Led Zeppelin is generally credited with creating heavy metal since they started doing this in 1969 when DP was still trying on psychedelic and generic blues-rock while only rarely venturing into hard rock. I still think that this is very different from BS and LZ debuts and reason is simple - music style. It is quite different from both Black Sabbath eponymous first disc and from Led Zeppelin's debut. in my humble opinion, BS was never very exciting musically - they just went relentlessly ahead with their metal satanomania and very dark lyrics and very dark music which, again, was never very (with rare exceptions, of course) catchy or singable (is that even a word?) by an ordinary person. Try and hum to yourself anything from Black Sabbath or Paranoid and see if that will give you any pleasure. As for Led Zeppelin tunes, they were of course quite on par with DP in terms of music quality but they were so much deeper than DP into blues-based hard rock and that profoundly defined their style. The purple boys on the other hand were never too beholden to any particular style of hard rock - that's not to say they were rootless but they used this and that and also that and had they still been going strong in 1977 I am sure they'd put some disco in their hard-rockers without much shame or hesitation. That's why it is such a pleasure to listen to them - you can hear blues influences and some country too, and rock-n-roll is there of course, and art rock with progrock as well is being served to you full strength, and don't forget about psychedelia and folk-rock. The only thing they were missing was sense of humor in their straight-face rock-n-roll-is-sex-and-drugs-and-partying-all-night lyrics but then you can't really have it all... and that was their downfall together with the other classic bands when punks came and killed all of the old gods in 1979.
Devoid of originality. Anyone with a couple Devo or Cars albums doesn't need this CD. They will find any way possible to repackage old sounds as "new" since the children of today haven't bought anything older than themselves.
Finally I've waited for this trilogy to be realeased since 1994, Steven Spielberg and George Lucas did a great job making this films, and if you had only seen it on video you've only seen half of it! but now they can be aprecciated on our home at 100%, because they were released in the 80's and in that time theaters did't had digital sound, so I think that the only advantadge they'll take if released on DVD would be the picture quality (twice as sharp as a VHS. Note: I'm also a DVD owner); but these movies should be compared monitor with monitor with the previous mutilated versions just to se how much we've missed when the original picture is squared and cloistered to fit our screen.
My son has had Cranky since Christmas 2004 (9 months now) and his head hasn't fallen off once. My son picks up engines with him and everything, but we haven't had any problems. He plays with his Thomas stuff every day, and is pretty rough with his toys too. I just think that for the price, it should come with more cargo.
On a rain swept night, in the garden of a lavish villa, two women -- "Mother" (Michele Valley) and "Daughter" (Meredyth Herold) bury the not-yet-dead body of their chauffeur. In a nearby car, a nameless man (Panos Thanassoulis) nurses a gunshot wound. Daughter waxes nostalgic about the time when "Father" would kill all the servants, leaving Mother and her to merely bury them in the garden. The man intrudes into the bizarre household and the two women subject them to their own brand of hospitality. In this case, it's not a case of what happens next, but rather a case of what doesn't happen next! The threesome engage in a lengthy series of revolting acts culled from the Marquis De Sade Cookbook, which include vomit, golden showers, sodomy, transvestism, incest, torture, electroshock and yes, murder, all of it in gorgeous black-and-white photography to the strains of Julie London and Rachmaninov.Ever since a friend loaned me a tenth-generation bootleg of this film on VHS ten long years ago, my love affair with this sugary piece of perversity remains unabated. Singapore Sling continues to break my heart in sixteen places in between bouts of raucous laughter and peeking behind my fingers. A true cult film, audiences have either walked out en masse or return again and again to the auditorium for repeat screenings.A catalog of depravity and artful indulgence, Singapore Sling has no real plot. The audience is left to surmise that "Daughter" is not really "Mother's" daughter (they're far too close in age) and in one instance, we're left to wonder if "Mother" is indeed a female. The male interloper, later dubbed "Singapore Sling" by his captors, is unlucky enough to have wound up on the doorstop of this house of horrors. Mute, and only speaking in voiceover, we learn that he is forever chasing lost causes with female names, the latest being Laura (in a nod to the 1944 Otto Preminger masterpiece). Was Laura in fact a former part of this ongoing sadomasochistic play party who was later murdered? The film never tells us.Singapore Sling will always hold a special place in my heart as I was the creator of the Unofficial Singapore Sling Web page back in the mid 1990s. Working closely with director Nikos Nikolaidis, I was given tons of rare stills, press books and errata about the film. It was through Nikolaidis incredible generosity as he encouraged me in my baby steps in cyberspace that I learned just how important the Internet would become in my own special line of cinematic research. Nikolaidis is best known as a director of TV commercials in his native Greece, although he directs feature films from time to time. Shot in 30 days on a shoestring budget, Singapore Sling would shock and delight audiences throughout the world, its most notorious exposure being its premiere at the Cannes Film Festival.The key to the film's success lies in its two female leads, Michele Valley and Meredith Herold. As the whispery and melodramatic Mother, Valley had worked with Nikolaidis numerous times on previous features. It is Herold as Daughter -- a pixie-ish, adorable creature who maintains an unspoiled innocence through the film's countless scenes of sex and brutal violence who truly carries the show. According to Nikolaidis, Herold committed to work on the film while working on commercials with him. Once the film was completed, she was courted and then married by a rich movie buff -- and never acted again! "She still waits in the rain for Singapore Sling," Nikolaidis would sigh.That the film is finally on DVD is cause for rejoicing. After suffering from bootlegs of dubious quality and even the legitimate Greek video release, one can now count every bead on every lampshade. Relying heaving on a claustrophobic atmosphere of antique-strewn interiors, viewers can now finally enjoy the elaborate set design that was once concealed in bitmapped shadows.The only reservation this reviewer has with this release is the paltry extras included. The film is in anamorphic widescreen (1.66:11), and the animated main menu intended to mimic a battered silent film is delightful to look at. The film is broken up into 16 generous chapters. As for Special Features -- there is a photo gallery of only 10 paltry images, all done in sepia! However -- one can stand up and cheer for the inclusion of the film's trailer which is in pristine, excellent shape. In a voice approximating 60 Minutes' commentary Andy Rooney, "Don't you just hate it when you get a pricey restoration of a film on DVD and you get the trailer all worn and beaten, seemingly taped off a 25-year-old TV broadcast?"The one other revelation the DVD release affords us are new subtitles. While filmed in the English language, there are moments of Greek (in voiceover courtesy of Singapore Sling). Due to the film's subtitles being permanently burned into all existing prints, Don May and the fine folks at Synapse have included huge, easy-to-read subtitles of accurate English translations. These subtitles are an option to viewers -- and in an instance of going above and beyond the call of duty -- the French phrases uttered by Mother in moments of homicidal abandon ("I want proof! Proof!" "On a long path, I saw a little rabbit, running, I want to catch it with my hands, but, he was too far, too far."). This is indeed a first for all English speaking fans of this film.A final sobriquet is in order for the uninitiated who don't know if this film will be to their liking. Like the cocktail for which it is named, Singapore Sling is a tasty libation made of three different types of gin that can render the victim immobile. Those who wish to partake of this film's many powerful pleasures should best have a taste for gin.
What a disappointment! I love well-written science-fiction and appreciate good writing, so I bought this because of the reviews. The problem was that this novel turned out to be a deadly boring "romance," not even well-written, confirming a long-standing inclination to be cynical about professional book reviewing. I didn't mind the explicit sex, though we could have had less of it, or occasional four letter words, or the punk tastes. The first hundred pages are gripping, but then the characterization disintegrates and the situations began repeating. As for the writing style: ultimately I became annoyed with the author's incessant use of the present tense, which is just too, too avant-garde and in a long novel SO irritating. By page 200 my attention was dragging and I started noticing that my capacity to care for the characters was running out of steam. I gave up at about page 300 and speed-read the rest of it. 531 pages of artsy, psuedo-intense romantical writing were just too much, plus those unnecessary High School English questions at the end.I confess that romance novels give me a pain, anyway, and the pantingly hot ones are the most boring (those my mother used to call the "plunging neckline school of writing" and a college friend once termed "make-out novels for those who don't"). The plots are unreal, especially the sex, and this one was sillier than usual. Henry's ridiculously exaggerated sexual prowess made me wonder about Niffenger's fantasies. Because the author placed soap opera in the forefront, science-fictionally the plot fell apart. I spent my early childhood in Chicago, and it's COOOOLD in winter, so the primary puzzle for me was why Henry never froze to death somewhere along the way. (Maybe everyone should have moved to the Equator.) The characterization was uneven and the main characters became less interesting as the story went on, until they irritated me. Clare wasn't strong, as some reviewers claim. She was obsessive, but that's a weakness, not a strength. I found her wimpy, not terribly bright, and far too willing to be used.As for Henry, I could NEVER visualize him working as a librarian! For one thing, how did he keep from popping out of sight in front of library visitors? How could he work at any steady daily job? It seemed that with his developed lock-picking and wallet-stealing "talents," not to mention his tastes and minimalist conscience, he would more naturally have drifted into a life of crime. In lacking a conscience he seemed like a psychopath, more of a Ted Bundy than Mr. Hero, and that brings me to point three.Soap operas all have one thing in common: they actually PRAISE obsessive and possessive behavior, as if it were a good trait rather than a chilling evil. This novel makes all those mistakes in portraying Henry. Clare, too. To love "forever" implies possession. No matter how often the characters in this novel mull over free will and predestination, it's obvious that the author prefers predestination, since it excuses her characters' blind possessiveness. I might have enjoyed the novel despite its obvious flaws -- or at least not disliked it -- had the author limited her fantasies to 150 pages, no more than 200. Too bad writers are paid by the word. If you really must read a science-fiction love story and want one that's well-written and makes some sense, read the novelette, "At the Eschaton" by Charles Sheffield. It's in Gregory Benford's 1995 story collection FAR FUTURES. Sheffield, who may be sci-fi's all-time most sensitive writer, understands the obsessiveness of his male character, whose wife, being in cold sleep for eons, isn't bothered by it. He packs this story into about 150 pages, and for goodness sake don't bother with the expanded novel, TOMORROW AND TOMORROW, which is as padded and boring as the Niffenger book. But "At the Eschaton," in the form of a tightly-written novelette, is a touching love story without the usual soap opera baggage which THE TIME TRAVELER'S WIFE has in sickening abundance.
This SLICE OF LIFE movie was poorly acted, and had no plot or direction. A waste of money, and time to sit and watch it expecting it might eventually pick up. It didn't.
I was hoping 'The Complete Ozzie and Harriet Collection' would come out, but so far, no luck. I've researched different sets, but none had as many episodes as 'The Essential Ozzie & Harriet.'This DVD set has it's ups and downs, but many more ups..Definately, a Must Buy, a 5-Star-plus Rating.Although this 12 Disk set isn't in the same order as the weekly show, in the first two disks, David and Ricky are young boys. As the episodes progress, so do the handsome brothers. From children to married adults.If you enjoyed Ozzie and Harriet shows, you'll love 'The Essential Ozzie and Harriet.'The price can't be beat. I hope they remake a second 100 Episodes, then a third, then the remaining shows. It might not be in order, but it's one way to get the complete collection.
Got this a couple of months ago as per the CR recommendation. It works good on carpet, not so good on hard floors. For hard floors, the brush does not turn off and shoots the bigger junk around. But it works good on carpet, is pretty light, LOTS of power, a bag change indicator, and the attachments work well. Going to get another now! Make sure to get extra bags soon, they go fast.Jan 09 updateStill going strong. I use it in twice a week on average for 15 min, no problems so far. Sucks like a...well, its strong.
This series is worn out; there are no more fresh ideas. It was fun while it lasted but it's time to close the door on Replica.
I had a friend of mine pick this up for me in Japan, now everyone can enjoy this outstanding record. Even if you're not an Anthrax fan THIS album is one you want in your collection. From first riff to last you're glued to this disc listening to it. Volume 8 is full of the humor and musicianship that people would expect from a band that's been around for 20+ years. And yes I said humor. Give '604' and 'Toast to the Extras' a listen when you get the chance and you'll hear what I mean. And 'Catharsis' and 'Inside Out' are probably two of the best all out rock songs ever written by Anthrax (or any *other* metal band for that matter).So? What are you doing still reading this? Just click on the "Add to cart" button and you're all set! :)
These are a couple of great movies, beautifully filmed and told at the hand of the master, Sir Alfred Hitchcock. Instead of the usual piano music, these silent movies sport a hip techno soundtrack that gives the movies a modern feel. Downhill is about a college boy who is innocently accused of getting a woman in trouble and so he's expelled. What's interesting about this plot point is you really have to fill in the gaps yourself. I guess this was very racy subject matter back in the 1920s, so they tip toe around the seduction and pregnancy in the film that if you blink, you could miss it. There are a lot of artsy shots and interesting camera angles showing the brilliant work of Hitchcock. For example, the movie is caled Downhill, so there are scenes of our hero descending a staircase, the descending an long escalator, then going down on an elevator, as each new humiliation in his life brings him to a new lowly state. Another scene that I'm fond of is when our hero, Roddy, it at one of his lowest points, he becomes a dime a dance boy in Paris, I guess implying he's a paid gigilo. After a nightlong party at the hall, the sunlight is let in, and all around our hero is a sea of twisted, broken forms of used up and over partied men and women, the most disturbing woman being the one Roddy has had to entertain all night. She truly has a face that could stop a clock.The Farmer's Wife is a lighthearted romantic comedy. Farmer Sweetland loses his wife to sickness, and only being middle aged, he soon becomes lonely and thinks of remarrying. He makes a list of the avalable women on nearby farms and methodically sets out to propose to them. Much to his surprise, the women reject him for one reason or another. Sweetland does not take these rejections well and tells the women off, driving one of his would-be brides into a crying fit, a really over the top crying fit! But he is scene through these difficult times with the hepl of his housekeeper Minta and his comic relief farmhand, Ash.
Wouldn't purchase from this seller again since it arrived in cracked, dirty and flimsy case, but the CD is fine and Safina, of course, if great.
I found this book vary fascinating, even if at times repetitive. The stories don't go into deep detail about the surroundings but seems to me more like a look into the mind of a Tracker as he goes about his search. A thrilling book if not thick with details.
A fun book for children along the lines of The House that Jack Built. Everyone in the house is asleep, piled on top of Granny.... except for that pesky flea....The kids love the repetition and I love to read it. I also love Silly Sally, by the same author. Something about the beat, or cadence to the sentences makes these books more appealing.
I listened to the Audio CD of this book and was pleasantly surprised. I thought it might be just another mindless "chick lit" book (which I enjoy sometimes also), but it delivered more. The characters were well-developed, and the plot moved along nicely.I found that I didn't want my commute to end some days when I was listening to the CDs, and that's always a good sign! I often wanted to find out what would happen next.
This was probably my 1st Rock album purchase - I have had 2 LP versions - one worn out, the CD, and now this DVD-A. No doubt I've listened to it more than any other recording I have.Whoever put this together cared a lot less about Deep Purple. In fact probably not at all.The mix is marginal at best.. Maybe I'm a Leo has a &quot;new&quot; guitar solo - an out take not nearly as sweet as the original release. That'd be OK for a bonus track, but I was expecting a good mix of the original. Perhaps the original tracks were damaged. If I can force myself to listen again - I'll try to notice other areas where it sounded like alternate takes were used on other tracks. No mention of any of this on the liner notes - maybe the re-mix dude didn't even notice.Speaking of packaging and liner notes: lots of writing of band history and a story about the hotel burning, but mostly none of the orignal artwork from the album - and not on the DVD-A either.There are two videos as well - what a waste - terrible audio quality - probably a board mix in mono, the vocal is overpowering everything. Just when Richie is about to cut loose on Highway Star solo, the video fades and ends????? Lazy, about halfway thru the guitar solo, the video fades and ends. Whoopie for this mess.The original Stereo mix may be OK, but I'm not so sure about the re-mastering of it. Maybe the CD of the Original is best.DVD-A can be a great format, but not done like this.
This is the best show---I can see it over and over and laugh as if I just saw it for the first time. Modern Family: The Complete Third Season is a hit!
My main problem with this book was that the main character didn't seem to fit into her setting at all. I simply couldn't imagine her as the first century Jewish woman she was supposed to be. I know that Mary Magdalene was a social outcast, but I have a hard time believing that she acted like a 20th century woman lost in time. Nonetheless, Miriam was a believable character, if a bit misplaced, and so I read the book through to the end.If you're looking for believable historical fiction, look elsewhere (I recommend &quot;The Bronze Bow&quot; by Elizabeth George Speare). But if you're interested in a the story of a girl tormented by her inner fears and struggling against society, you'll find the right book in &quot;Song of the Magdalene.&quot;
Richter wasn't at his best here, as shown in this recording of the Liszt Sonata, which is rushed from A till Z and has a blurred coda. He plays the Chopin Ballade well, and the Schubert Sonata is also quite interesting, although he is again a bit too enthousiastic in the last movement. the sound is the worst problem though. The Schubert is still acceptable, but the Liszt sounds almost entirely dried-up and hollow while the Chopin seems to have been recorded inside an aquarium. A very bad pirate issue.
Parents have so much information to sift through it is hard not to second guess yourself. I have a Master of Arts in Teaching and I still find that I get confused when making choices for my 3 year old son. You often wonder, will this decision change his life forever. The authors of this book offer a lot of information that you can use when making choices for your family and your children. We are all hurrying along in life so much that we are missing the simplest things and not enjoying parenting. Our kids are stressed out from their full schedules and do not have adequate time to play. I already shared many of the same philosophies presented in the book but it is comforting to have some research to back up my gut instincts. After all raising a child is a precious gift.
Picked this up because the title caught my eye. Although it was somewhat entertaining and certainly a quick read, I find it hard to recommend this book. The character development is poor and left me wondering why in the world someone like Lonnie Blake would ever be interested in a Carol Dodson. Or why a man who has just taken over the American branch of a &quot;killer for hire&quot; corporation would become so obsessed with Dodson. Or why it's necessary to kill everyone in the path of finding Carol, as if this wouldn't attract some sort of attention.Combine that with the &quot;made for TV movie&quot; style writing and you get a book that wasn't as satisfying at all. At one point he describes a background character as a &quot;doofus&quot; and I began to wonder how old the person who wrote this was. All in all, the book seemed rushed to publication, as if the author had no time to think and write the story out the way he wanted.Sorry Mr Klavan, but this one needed a lot of work.
This wonderful book is a perfect mix of the Little House on the Prarie and Great Brain books. What I found the most interesting was the equal treatment of Mormons, Catholics, Methodists, and even Agnostics in frontier Utah. In fact, there are both good and bad examples of each. The overall religious message of the book is that "all religions are but windows in the same church letting in the light of God," which stresses the ideas of tolerance, love, and respect for all people irregardless of their religious beliefs. I highly recommend this book for all people who are fans of Laura Ingalls Wilder and John D. Fitzgerald or even pioneer life and Utah history. Although it's out of print, you can probably find a copy in your local library. For 300 pages, it's a quick read. I have to warn you, though, it'll make you cry in the end. Even I teared up a bit, and I very rarely get emotionally involved in books. I also laughed out loud a few times, too. This book is really special.
Steven just keeps getting better with age. Easy flowing page turner that has slight tie-ins with the Gunslinger series. &quot;Hearts&quot; is truely one of Steven's finest works of literature. This is one of those rare books that keeps you emotionally attached well after you finish reading it.
I loved the slow cooker... until the ceramic insert cracked! I was hearing little popping noises and didn't know what it was. Then I realized that the the insert had cracks! All Clad wanted the original receipt to replace it, so we took it back to bed bath and beyond and they exchanged it. The second time we just out right returned it. The cracks all happened within 3 months of use with no extreme temperature change William sonomas is recommending that we try the more expensive one with the heat-responsive cast-aluminum insert that functions as a cookware in itself (can go on the stove top)... a hundred dollars more!! but may consider it since it got really much better reviews. Btw, WS told us that many are reporting the same cracked issue with the ceramic insert and everyone has been thrilled with the heat-responsive cast-aluminum insert one... go figure...
Jil Eaton's latest collection of patterns for babies and toddlers, Minnies, is outstanding. The collection contains Eaton's hallmarks -- fun &amp; funky styling, relatively simple techniques, bright colors, high-quality yarns -- in a variety of patterns, including sweaters, hats, a christening gown, sundress, one-piece romper and more. Great photos of real kids wearing the finished items are supplemented by clear shots of just the garment lying flat AND by schematic diagrams with detailed measurements (both important to a serious knitter). I've zipped through three of the patterns already, and they are indeed quick to knit while yielding quite professional results. I like the fact that Eaton uses a wide variety of yarns and gauges, and that virtually all of the patterns can be completed in a short period of time (before your child grows out of the size!). I especially appreciate that Eaton's patterns manage to maintain an original and fresh feel, avoiding that recycle-too-many-old-patterns trap that some designers fall into by their third or fourth book. Now that my son is getting too big for the toddler sizes, I can only hope that more patterns for bigger kids on are the way....
I buy 2 pairs of Crocs per year. I wear a pair out every 6 to 9 months
For what this bag was designed for, I really cannot find any fault. These are all great reviews and I would end up saying the same thing, being redundant, over and over... So I thought I would take a different angle. Here's what I was able to fit into my pack. I currently have in my Slingshot a Canon 30D with 24-70 f2.8L attached (with hood turned around facing backward and a Gary Fong Lightsphere over that), a 70-200 f2.8L IS (also with hood facing backward), the kit 18-55, filters, caps, etc. In the top compartment I have a 580 EX Speedlite, a 5 pack of Canon batteries, a 1.4x Extender, and an extra microfiber cloth. In the other various pouches I have extra flash batteries, extra CF cards, and other little things. I'd take a picture and post it but then my camera would not be in the bag, would it? It took a couple of minutes how to configure all this and rearrange the innards but it works. So, trust what the positive reviews say and know that you can get a lot of stuff into a small package.
I love buying organic products and this one smells great, but, to my surprise, it is NOT tear-free. The bottles are actually quite small too for the price. I recommend the Lil Goat's Milk stuff - it is much better and safe for your little one's sweet little face.
The author makes some really great points on why he believes the fundamental tenets of Christianity are based on a variety of false premises (this book is a good read for skeptics and people who think they are so sure about their faith). It was hard to put it down once I started reading. Although it would be great if the price was a little cheaper!
There is nothing here that is not 5 Stars. If you do not have this CD you must run out right now and get it! Fade Away is my all time favorite reggae song! This is the best of the golden age of roots!
I purchased this product because "I like to see what is cooking, while I am cooking!" This has filled the bill well, no more spattering on the stove and the greatest is the fact that it cooks FAST! We like the fact that it is simple to clean!Thank you Cuisinart and AMAZON!
I bought this blender because it was reommended by America's Test Kitchen for crushing ice. I have only used it a couple times so far, but it is dynamite for crushing ice.
My day began like most normal young adults in America on the morning of May 28th, 2004. I awoke to the screeching buzz of my alarm clock going off and stumbled into the shower in order to get ready for work. But I won't bore you with the repetitive and sometimes depressing nature of my uneventful mornings before my morning commute. What I would like to fill you all in on is a wonderful experience I was a part of on the sunny warm afternoon after I finished for the day.I got out unusually early on this Friday afternoon and was destined to start the holiday weekend on a good note. As usual, my best friend Brian and I made it a point to meet for lunch, as we always do when the circumstances allow. After meeting up, we discussed our game plan as to where we would appease our pallates and gradually stretch our waistbands in a celebration of food consumption for the afternoon. We came to an agreement that we had become bored with many of the usual favorites we frequented, and while that's not a bad thing, we just decided it was the perfect day for a change of pace. This was the dawn of a new era for me, for I was about to partake in one of the most titilating dining experiences to date, and I wasn't even aware of it yet. I am of course talking about Checkers old fashioned hamburgers. I don't know how it was possible for me to live within a two minute driving distance of such an establishment and never have eaten there, but I guess its possible. I'll add that my esteemed associate and myself take great pride in one another's eating abilities and embrace each other's suggestions and recommendations, so when it came time for something new, I was ready to embark on this 1/2 mile journey with him to this eatery so commonly referred to as Checkers.What else can I say but wow. 22 years of existence, coupled with maybe 10-12 years (give or take) of a perfectionist's pallate, and for some reason, I've turned a blind eye (and more importantly, an empty stomach) to this mecca of greasy sloppy and moderately priced deliciousness. And I mean it when I say great prices. I mean, 4 dollars for 2 bacon double cheeseburgers, with all the fixins! And their hot spicy fries greatly surpass the cold, soggy, stale, flavorless potato sticks served at most of the more popular fast food establishments. Top off this orgasm of bursting flavor, more than generous portions, and prices cheap enough to not feel guilty about spending your gas money on seconds and thirds, add some of the thickest and most delicious shakes that have ever splashed off this cynical critic's tongue. I mean, chocolate banana milkshakes. Come on now. With terrific outdoor atmosphere coupled with authentic 50's nostalgia theme, our lunch experience will not soon be forgotten, not to mention the fact that I now have a new staple in my fast food outing criteria. I am thankful for having such friends in my life who are willing to expose me to the finer side of dining.In conclusion, I found it much more informative to tell you the story of our quest for an exceptional meal rather than bore you with the annoying, repetitive, and irrelevant details of my morning before work. Pretty much the same reason I didn't even tell you anything about this album, because Dashboard Confessional embodies most of the same qualities as my early morning routine. Do yourself a favor and spend your 12 bucks on some quality, top notch fast food and have enough change left over to take the trolley home. You will thank me later.
As good as a Columbia if not better for less than 25% of the price. Need I say more?
I can't tell you how many of these slim jewel cases have cracked- very annoying. Very poor quality. I don't know what it is with the ones that come with the blank CDR's either. The slim cases I got with audio CD's in the past(mainly import CD singles) have had no problems, with much use. But these 3M's and the ones that come with most blank CDR's are horrible. I'd stick to normal jewel cases or buy a binder, unless you don't mind the ease in which these crack.
After watching WHITE CHRISTMAS on TV recently, I ordered this movie to see more of the gorgeous Vera-Ellen. I was pleasantly surprised to find this flick much better than expected. The storyline is very clever and humorous, and the actors did an excellent job, especially the main characters played by Vera-Ellen, David Niven, and Caesar Romero who a dozen years later will be the Joker on the campy TV series BATMAN. The DVD quality was quite good considering the age of this movie which was probably not made using top grade film. David Niven was a lucky guy, starring with the beautiful Vera-Ellen and five years later, sharing the big screen with the even hotter Mitzi Gaynor in THE BIRDS AND THE BEES, which I wish was available on DVD.
This compilation of various articles written by IBD experts from across the country is an official Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of America publication and that endorsement alone should indicate its quality and content. Every chapter in this book is well written and scrupulously up-to-date with excellent references and resources. Chapter subjects are very holistic in that both the medical and emotional aspects of IBD are represented. There is even a chapter on the use of alternative medicine in the treatment of IBD! Definitely purchase this book for your library.
Not worth it... no sit ups or intensity with this video... The only part I actually felt a little burn in my abs was the last yoga segment, which was about 10 minutes. If you are looking for a good ab workout, check out the Exhale Core Fusion workouts... a real good ab workout for 10 minutes....
I tried setting the WB wth the expodisc on my D200 and I noticed that each has it's own strengths and weaknesses. The D200 Auto WB setting has a warm bias and that adding +2 compnsation to make it cooler would almost equal the WB done on the expodisc. During indoor and low light photography with warm bulbs on, the expodisc WB appears to be very warm and that using the tungsten WB setting of my D200 is much much better in achieving a much better color temperature. I think expodisc setting has the advantage during daytime photography whether indoor or outdoor but during night light, I find my D200 preset values much more accurate! I find the ease of use really a plus with expodisc making gray card presetting a thing of the past.
I know this book revolves around an abstract idea linking Bob Dylan`s basement tapes to an old , lost America ( the invisible Republic ) , but , oh dear , where do I begin ?&quot; Invisible Republic &quot; is one of the worst books I`ve ever read , I just hope people don`t take Greil Marcus`s ludicrous theory on the basement tapes to be gospel ( no pun intended ) . This is a classic case of an author`s ego winning out to common sense .It`s hard enough to read a book , if you`ve lost all faith in the author`s integrity , thanks to the laughably tenuous links that he uses to back up his theory , but when you have to wade through reams of portentious , almost unreadable prose , to reach the same conclusion , it`s almost torture . This book is full of pretensious , self-indulgent nonsense that only very gullible people could believe , but I suppose any Bob Dylan book sells , and Greil Marcus is fully aware of this .
am I the only one that thinks this film could be a mite better? Fred Astaire is grand enough, yes, but the original casting of Gene Kelly, with Vincente Minnelli in the directors chair, would have turned this into something out of this world, I think. But the directorial reins were given over to Charles Walters, who may have been friends with Garland, but he only had the sappy June Allyson/Peter Lawford "Good News" under his director's belt. And Allyson and Lawford ain't no Garland and Astaire. Walters' direction is uninspired, even in the over-hyped "A Couple of Swells", which is wonderful, but not the be-all and end-all of a movie musical number. Because of this number, someone, somewhere, thought that Garland should don the tramp costume at every opportunity for the next twenty years. Musically, she and Astaire are such pros that you sometimes have to sit back and watch the magic happen. The sub-plot, with Lawford and Ann Miller is unnecessary, though it does give us her immortal "Shakin' The Blues Away" routine, which is stunning. On the other hand, the sub-plot also gives us the Garland/Lawford duet, "A Fella With An Umbrella" which will never be considered one of Irving Berlin's best.Since there is nothing spectacular or original about the story, Walters truly focuses on the musical numbers and here is where Minnelli would have flourished. Walters films the numbers as if you were watching a play. The camera hardly moves. But its the pairing of two immortals so maybe Walters felt that they knew best and to hell with the camera. (Two years later, he's a bit more aggressive with his camera in "Summer Stock").There are so many musical numbers that when the plot finally gets to go ahead, it sometimes limps along. With Minnelli and Kelly in their original positions as director and star, this film would've gone to the moon. With Walters and Astaire, it's just another show biz yarn that tends to get hokey. (I can do without Jules Munshin and his salad routine).But Judy Garland is in top form, tossing off the brilliant Irving Berlin songs with her special brand of genius that she inspires awe and the goosebumps go up and down your spine. She, and not Astaire, is the reason to see this film. After "Easter Parade", Astaire would look and act the same in every film he made for Metro. His talent is peerless, but I think more in the RKO days than at MGM. Metro gave him technology (dancing in slow motion while nobody else does, dancing on the ceiling and walls, etc), but at RKO in the thirties he had to rely on his innate talent and elegant self. That sometimes gets lost in the Metro musicals.One final thought: again and again through her MGM years, Garland had to repeatedly play roles that demeaned her sense of self-worth, and "Easter Parade" is no exception. She starts out playing a woman that Astaire thinks is a plain Jane. Didn't anyone at MGM, any of the people in power, any of the screenwriters, any of the producers or directors, even the studio gateman, find her attractive at all? The lady is beautiful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
One of the main challenges of the solo acoustic guitarist is to sound fresh, full, and not leave the listener wanting for variety, while still maintaining some kind of identity.This is such an album, and it rewards any kind of attention: you can listen for advanced fingerpicking, for melodic musicality, or let it be mere background, and you will not be disappointed. You may listen attentively, or hardly at all; you may enjoy it on first impression or on the hundredth. You could listen to it every day and still not be tired of it: styles change from song to song, from the exhilarating arpeggios of "Overland" to the haunting quiet of "Empty Room", from the fullness of "Cumulus" to the wistful poignancy of the title track.Sometimes a reviewer may say they wish they could rate something six stars; I prefer to reserve five for those items which truly, unquestionably rate the highest. As a rule, I distrust all five-star reviews as prejudiced. But in my opinion as a long-time music listener & guitarist, the exquisitely recorded & performed SOUTHERN EXPOSURE rates nothing less.
These sweatpants fit great on the initial wear but they shrunk far too much after only a couple washes. Can't even wear them anymore.
I was surprised that I enjoyed a book about a British Bachelor in the 50's indulging his passion for plants but I did- a lot. Not only is the book an informative tool on gardening, but it is a great and funny read even if you have no interest in acquiring your own land any time soon. I intend to buy this book and reread it every year, especially in the dead dark middle of winter.
It's definitely a cookbook of its time. The illustrations have a homespun look, and the introduction even makes mention of passing around a joint before dinner &quot;to sharpen gustatory perception&quot;. I missed the seventies, personally, but the cheerful hippieness of this book is irresistable.But what about the darn food?It's good stuff. Not low-fat, really, but if you compare the olive oil, butter, and eggs called for in these recipes a meal would still balance favorably with the average meat-including diet. My favorite section is the one on curries--having had a lot of real Indian it's not QUITE the same, but it's reasonably close. Given that it was written when supermarkets were less global, I can forgive a few shortcomings in authenticity. She gets the basics across with readily-available ingredients. And every one of the curries is delicious on its own merits. There are sweeter ones, spicier ones, sides, a couple of desserts, and it's impossible to go wrong with any combination of recipes in this section.Most of her soups and stews are also excellent. The ratatouille in particular is fantastic. However, in place of her potato peel broth or garlic broth I recommend saving a lot of time and effort by starting off with plain water and adding extra seasoning, or by the quick &amp; dirty expedience of a veggie bouillion cube or two. It's okay to cheat.Perhaps the best thing to bear in mind when using this book is that with a lot of the recipes you'll need either a fair amount of time or a liberal dose of common sense when it comes to cutting corners. The author had a lot of time on her hands, to make broth, clarify butter, and let things simmer for an hour. You probably don't, and neither do I. Use the butter plain. Heck, use margarine. Simmer for 30 minutes. Spice a little more heavily. And use that darn veggie bouillion.It would be nice if we could all be so relaxed and agrarian about our cooking as the author is. Just reading the book is like taking a deep breath. But alas, most of have day jobs and time constraints. Rest assured that you can still use these recipes and enjoy some absolutely succulent grub.
its good movies for coming out or if u feel lonely. it got nudity, language and the other stuff, but if u look past it its good.
"Quintana Roo" is about a lost native tribe that creates 'zombies' through brain surgery (very primitive brain surgery, in a religious ritual).(Quintana Roo is an area on the Atlantic coast of Mexico, on the Yucatan Peninsula.It's probably a Spanish name so I'm guessing it's pronounced Keen-ta-na Row-oh.)The book is set during the 1930's. It's only a few years before the start of World War II. The Nazis were already in power in Germany.The main character is an American who gets hired by the wife of a wealthy business man to retrieve the man (whether alive or dead) after his small plane crashes into the jungles of the Yucatan.This isn't my favorite of Brandner's novels by a long shot, but it's good, and it might be a good place to start for people who don't usually like supernatural horror. (If there any supernatural elements in the book, they are very rare.)"The Brain Eaters" is another non-supernatural horror novel written by Brandner, and I'm a big fan of that one.Fans of the supernatural should probably start with "The Howling", "Hellborn", "Carrion", or "The Boiling Pool."Note: The novel "Quintana Roo" is know in England (and the rest of the United Kingdom) as "Tribe of the Dead."Also Recommended: "Floater", "Hellborn", "Walkers", "Rot", and "The Howling" Parts I,II,III.
Dick Morris finally wrote a book I can get into. I have to admit that loving Condi Rice and hoping for her presidency are the main reasons to read this book. I don't like Dick Morris. I think he is so phony and overrated as an opinion maker. He is wrong so much of the time on his predictions. I hope he is right in this book, however! For a smarmy man to put forward the idea of Condi beating Hillary in a presidential election is a reason to take another look at Dick's other writings.
This is not your common zombie book, it is not your common book! It is written like a mock documentary, which is recording the survivor of War War Z, hence the title: The Oral History of World War Z.The zombie (and war against zombie) is viewed from several genuine angle. Some interviewee plays key role in World War Z itself, while some are just victims or just spectators.Since it is written as an interview, it is quite personal. You might sympathize some characters, while loathe others.The genius of the writer lies within his way in describing many aspects of the war from personal views of the interviewee. From this piece and bits, we can start to construct the whole event of the war.What makes it truly remarkable is the fact that this book is not about zombie after all! Zombie war is just a pretext the greater issue: human ignorance, greed, heroism, global warming, and international politics. We can see this book as a satire of our real and present world!Final verdict: only one word. Wow! Mr. Brooks must have done a very intensive research to come out with this book. Everything looks so real, the international politics, war tactics, mass behavior, everything.This is one book that really effects me. It makes me think again about the future of mankind, for better or worst. Can we really survive as a species, given our trait of ignorance?
While this book was a fat and fun read, I did have some quibbles with it. The plot, which integrates government conspiracy and white slavery, is a bit too pat. The author, who was not afraid to make her female characters strong and physcially unattractive, is moving aWay from that territory. The stunningly beautiful medical examiner, Maura Isles,a relatively minor character until a novel or two ago, discovers the dead body that isn't dead. This triggers a hostage situation at a hospital involving the very pregnant police detective Jane Rizzoli and her husband. Trouble by the handling of the investigation, Rizzoli, her husband and Isles pursue their own investigation leading to corruption at the highest level of government.I found the whole romance between plain Jane Rizzoli and her handsome, sophisticated FBI husband Gabriel Dean,( which was developed in earlier works) unbelievable on many levels. He is far more suited to the lovely medical examiner than to the little troll cop. He is also too much of a goody goody. The shot gun wedding was ridiculous(earlier novel) and Rizzoli's breaking water in court and going into labor while a hostage is contrived and ridculous. However, even though Rizzoli has the maternal instincts of a cabbage, her actions at the end of the novel, jeporadizing the life of her new born were both offensive and stupid.That being said, this book is a quick and entertaining read. Readers unfamiliar with the series will be somewhat shortchanged by their lack of familiarity with the characters and their histories. Long time fans of the series will most likely be disappointed largely because the richness of the characters has been diluted in this mainstream tale.
This is my 3rd PKD novel, and much like the others, they start out so slowly that it took me several tries to get past the first chapter without wanting to just put it back down. It took a full 68 pages to get the story rolling to the point where it wasn't just utterly boring. I guess it's like waiting for the LSD to kick in....the first few hours are just waiting for the full effects.Having read PKD a couple times previously, I found the book rather predictable, but after it got rolling, hard to put down. I did have the ending pretty well pegged right from the start. That's what dismayed me when I came to the end and was not at all surprised. It was a typical Dick ending, and therefore predictable. I can say that even with having my own precog ability to guess the ending, it was enjoyable. I wonder how this would really work in a screen play. I kept thinking about that the enitre way through the book...I just don't see it working. I see a lot of Minority Report in there, and didn't much like the screen version of that either...mind numbingly dull and with someone else's interpretation that just didn't work.I can see where people want to say UBIK was God, and Jory seeming like the devil...or death...the way he "ate" people. That was rather odd, and just like someone on acid may think up. It's like he was on one bad acid trip the entire time he wrote the book....which is probably right.
I've been looking for a Firewire/USB combo hub to connect to my Mac Mini in our entertainment center, something to reduce the clutter. I needed a powered hub for some of my devices that I hook up to the Mini that require a powered hub. As soon as I got the IOGEAR 4-Port USB 2.0 and 3-Port FireWire Universal Hub (GUH420) I placed it in the entertainment center. I ran the power cable to the hub, but the adapter wouldn't fit, the adapter came with the hub and it doen't; no matter how hard I push, the adapter plug will not fit into the power port on the hub. There is a weird quirk with the FireWire port, when I plug my mac Mini into it 3 of the USB indicator lights light up. It looks really nice in my entertainment center. I can't believe this from Iogear, I've always been happy with thier products. This one is a disappointment.
Related to Eternal Tears of Sorrow (one of their ex-members was in EToS). NO WEAK songs. Nothing should be skipped off this disc. Yes, there are only 8 songs, but these are all quality songs. MELODIES INDEED! It's has slow paced songs, and intense songs, such as Hades, and Evil in You. This album is too good to miss out. As for the vocals, kind of a black+death fusion. Just listen to EToS, you'll get the idea. Although they use less synths. Very listenable record.
I ordered this year-long subscription with high hopes. I got two magazines, and then nothing after that. I order it in January 2009, and only received two issues... I haven't received a magazine in over six months, and I don't know who to complain to.
A girl that I had dated two years ago turned me onto Josh Groban. Imagine me, a pretty masculine guy, turned on to someone like Josh Groban. It wasn't long before I went to see him in concert and meet him personally backstage. In person he is extremely shy, but none of that shyness translates into his music.Owning his first three CDs (that include his LIVE concert), I was a bit taken back by AWAKE. As is mentioned in a previous review here, AWAKE is a departure from what you might expect from Mr. Groban. Upon my first listening I was not overly impressed. The album didn't seem to grab me in the same manner that CLOSER did.Having now listened to AWAKE countless times over the past two weeks I must confess that I have come to really enjoy the material here. The music seems to be a bit more styled towards "pop radio," and there is some interesting collaboration on the three final tracks with artists Ladysmith Black Mambazo and Herbie Hancock which is good but quite frankly, I could have done without. Josh does just fine on his own.For me, the absolute best song on this album is Track #4, FEBRUARY SONG. You gotta love the way this song climbs into a frenzied cresecendo that is just magnificent.I would have easily given this album 5 stars if not for the fact that despite its greatness, it still lacks behind CLOSER.This album will not disappoint Josh Groban fans everywhere!
Our hero Alex Cross never ceases to fascinate but the plots are wearing thin in this James Patterson book. Once again we are treated to life in the Cross household including the wonderful Nana Mama and Cross's children but we don't honestly care all that much about the creepy serial killer. The lamest part of this book is about so-called vampires and their dialogue is so laughable that I was chuckling to myself as I was reading those sections. While I always look forward to a new Alex Cross book I'm wondering if J. Patterson looks forward to writing them!
This carrier is impossible to get on by yourself. Every time I wear it my husband needs to help me. In addition, no matter how tight we make it, the carrier and baby keeps sliding down. It doesn't support her head properly either. I would buy another one but the babies can use it for such a short time that it is not worth it to spend the money on a new one. 2009 - I am adding on that my daughter was injured by one of the clasps on the carrier and we got rid of it and replaced it with a new one.
Can you believe the Christian Right is so upset with Kate Fansler (a leading feminist) that they kidnap her husband and inform Kate that the ransom is Kate must cause a notice to be printed in the public press that she has renounced feminism! Silly. The author has often &quot;pushed&quot; feminism in her novels, but not to this extent. The ostensible mystery is really no mystery at all. The author did much better with THE IMPERFECT SPY, THE JAMES JOYCE MURDERS, POETIC JUSTICE and IN THE LAST ANALYSIS. Those novels were each a 10! The author's prose is ALWAYS delicious and that was the saving grace on this novel (otherwise this novel would rate a 1 from me).I am giving this author up; if I want to read about feminism, there is enough non-fiction around.
Of all the children's CDs my son enjoyed, this is the one I would always encourage him to play. It has some really great songs that I still like to listen to, even though my son has outgrown the CD. "Going Down To Mexico," "Are We There Yet?" and "Deep In The Jungle" are highlights and "Baby Kangaroo" is a fun one, though it can get tiresome.Overall a great CD for the whole family!
I love volleyball, so when I saw this title, I thought I'd give it a try. Although the volleyball scenes are passable, the plot is ridiculous, and the acting is terrible, not to mention the really offensive stereo types. All of the Hispanic girls in this film are made up to look like BRATZ dolls, and sound more like they live in the Bronx than SoCal. Having the Anglo girls fuss over how the "Latino boys" were looking at them was obnoxious as well. Having one of the main conflicts be the "Barbies" vs "Ghetto Girls" made every single one of the characters seem shallow and completely unsympathetic. The DJs calling the games at a supposed National title match was just absurd, and the teams taunting each other on court was ridiculous (every coach I've ever played for would make us run until our legs fell off for taking our minds off the game long enough to do that - not to mention that it's an amazing example of bad sportsmanship). I applaud the fact that they tried to make volleyball the focal point, but that didn't begin to make up for the bad acting, the contrived plot, and especially the racial stereotypes (those were really offensive).
My first Western, and first L'Amour. I found it so absorbing and satisfying I read Gale's short book on this author, and promptly ordered what looked like the dozen best of L'Amour's books: FLINT, BENDIGO..., LONESOIME GODS, WALKING DRUM, LAST OF BREED, SITKA, LAST STAND..., and 5 Sackett volumes. Three or four of these are not Westerns. Perhaps L'Amour will turn out to be like Shakespeare, Wodehouse, Cooper, Dostoyevsky, etc.--want to read them all. But according to Gale, many of his 100 or so books are repetitive and not equal to his many first-rate volumes.We need this clear attention to good & evil, individual responsibility, hard work, creativity, reward & punishment.
I think the irony of this book is that while it's relatively light in page count terms, it's rather wordy at times. At least it's more wordy that other of Brust's Taltos books. The whit and irreverance of Vlad are certainly present, so those who love the character will be pleased. I did find the overall narrative bogging down a little in places, though, as the author spent what I thought was a little more time than usual on exposition. That said, it's still a good read, though I think it's less of a stand-alone novel than some of the others. One would be better off having read earlier books in the collection than hitting this one first.
You'd think the first 007 movie ['Dr No'] would have been the undeniable best but it is not. The best one is 'Goldeneye', 'You Only Live Twice, 'Goldfinger' and 'The World is Not Enough' all in sequential order. Dr No has a weird beginning as is the only Bond film without the classic opening shot with Bond as he takes a gun and shoots it as the screen then quickly turns red. It is also the only one without Q, still is a great movie but not all suspenceful but filled with plot.
Many have denigrated Joe Valachi's testimony as being only the limited view of a street-level Mafia soldier, largely hearsay and often possibly erroneous. There is a certain amount of truth in these judgements. It is also true that, unlike earlier stool pigeon Abe Reles twenty years earlier, Valachi's testimony didn't directly send anyone to prison and some of what he told was old news anyway. On the other hand, Valachi was a &quot;made member&quot; of what he called Cosa Nostra for over thirty years and his criminal career dated to the 1920's. He may not have always been a major participant but he was there and saw the formation of the modern Mob as we know it. The Castellammarese War, Lucky Luciano, Dutch Schultz and Tom Dewey, Murder Inc., the Costello years, the intrigues of Vito Genovese, Valachi was on hand and his is the first detailed inside account of the formative years of the American Mafia. Compare The Valachi Papers to the nonsense written about the Mafia in the '50's. His expertise may have been limited to New York but before he turned no one outside the organization really knew anything about the Mafia, its bosses or its family structure. No one outside the organization had any idea that five crime &quot;families&quot; existed in New York or that the organization was divided into &quot;families&quot; until Valachi came along. Or that there was a national commission. Say what you will, Valachi exposed the Mob and put it in the spotlight for all to see. It's been there ever since and we have Joe to thank for this. And Peter Maas for turning his memoirs into a wonderful book.
I saw this movie a couple days ago after everyone was telling me that this movie was awesome - unfortunately, I did not share their views towards the movie.The beginning blew me away literally, and enraptured me for the next 30 minutes or so. Unfortunately, this mind-bending beginning which was one of the best set up scenes I have seen for a movie ultimately disappointed when the rest of the movie did not live up to that standard. While the ending was surprising and a neat touch, there were some unanswered questions that I wished were answered because of that ending. The way they did the ending was like a cheap trick just thrown in to add some more spice, whereas movies like Memento, The Sixth Sense, and Unbreakable set up and build towards their respective endings. Sure Swordfish set up for the ending -but only with one or two quotes randomly thrown in throughout the story, and one scene that gives a small clue. Ultimately, because there was no real set up, there can therefore not be a satisfying pay off -instead, you are left feeling ripped off. Even so, I am still very understanding of these movies that don't have a set up. However, if they do not have a big set up, I would usually want the movie to explain things more properly, which brings me back to my original point. An example of a movie that did not have a big set up but explained things thoroughly at the end instead, would be Abre Los Ojos/Open Your Eyes.The changing time frames were a good touch to add to the suspense and thrill of the movie. While it may ultimately not have been satisfying, it nonetheless kept me consistently entertained throughout. Another qualm I had with it was the overall unrealistic parts, the main one being one in which Stanley finds a way to hack something in 60 seconds. This is rather impossible, as I know from several very good sources on the net - it would at the very, very least take two hours. If they had left that scene with him unable to hack in to the computer, it would provide us with more food for thought so to speak, and make him seem more human than he does appear. Instead, they took the cheap shot, and lost. One more thing to note on the realism point: most hacking is nowhere near as exciting as they made it look in this film. As one reviewer on the net said -hacking is usually done with just simple tools like notepad, etc, but in this movie, they made the hacking programs seem like Macromedia Flash 5 or some kind of game (which I agree with by the way).And the very worst part of the movie came when Halle Berry took it all off. While the part itself was not bad, it was the very pointlessness of the movie which suddenly drove in how cheap and sleazy this movie was. (As they said, she was paid $200 000 just to bare her breasts) Well if she was paid $200 000, they could at least have fit that part into the story somehow. Instead, its just a random scene thrown in to boost up ratings, and because of the sheer randomness of that scene, you're suddenly thrown out of the movie again, and reminded that it is, after all, just another cheap marketing scheme. But worse than any other marketing scheme, this one was implanted into the actual movie itself.While this is ok for cheap thrills and Berry of course, it will ultimately leave you feeling unsatisfied and cheated.
Probably the single biggest theatrical disappointment of my life. This movie is the only film I have ever seen that I just couldn't bear to sit through. The characters were thin, the plot went no where, and the acting could be likened to a 4th grade christmas pagent. The interaction in the film felt like a crappy sequel to Catcher in the Rye, that is to say all the relationships were one dimentional and felt like they were writen by some psychotic hermit.What made this movie worse than other movies I hated like Battlefield Earth and The Skulls was the great lengths they seemed to go to try to make it "artistic". Well, that and films like Dr. Strangelove getting my hopes up.If you are the kind of person that likes to try and find deeper meaning in everything so you can feel sophisticated you might like it though.
Loved this screen overall. It makes the bike look so much better compared to the stock screen that was transparent.Only complaint is the stickers that come on the screen...it's a pain to take them off :|
I thoroughly enjoyed this movie from the edge of my seat! I want a part two! I want more! The soundtrack rocked, the story rocked, the actors rocked! This movie totally rocked, man! A must have for any collector of the Science Fiction movie genre.By the way, this was the first movie I ever saw Jet Li in. I am now a huge fan of his and not just because I weigh close to 300 pounds.
I've always like the Playtex Nurser products. This new item is no exception. The bottles are hearty, and will withstand some abuse. As always they are easy to clean and fill. The drop-ins are very handy. In particular what I like is the shape of the bottle. They are far superior to the old style. No need for a bottle warmer, just use a cup or mug of hot water and let it set for a couple of minutes. The fact that the bags, or drop-ins collapse as you feed keeps baby from taking in a lot of air and causing gas problems later. You can fill 3 or 4 at time and have them ready in the fridge for warming. Simple, easy and the clean up couldn't be nicer. I would definitely recommend this item.
Granted, it must be challenging to be a writer when one's father is Arthur Miller. This book was receiving raves and I was so surprised to discover it was basically downright bad! Unreadable, frankly. I forced my way through the stories. They were full of cliched and vague descriptions, bland dialogue, and too many oh-so-quirky characters. More than one story had flashbacks ( one story had two: A 4 years ago flashback within a 1 year ago flashback). More than one story had a character recounting her dreams. Boring.
If you like Gorecki and Part, you will want to buy this cd. As a classical music fan with widespread interests, I have placed this on my favorites shelf. It is deeply spiritual, tuneful, and interesting.
Regardless of the fact that some of his latest efforts (most notably, The Woman in White) are disappointing, there can be little doubt that Andrew Lloyd Webber is one of the greatest composers ever to work in the musical theatre. Ever since his "Jesus Christ Superstar" hit the stage in the early 70-is, it was clear that the conception and perception of musicals are never going to be the same again. Many of his songs became standards not only in the theatre history, but also as tops on the charts. Even though he's British, his influence on the shape of the modern musical theatre expanded over the West End boundaries long ago and has thus made an enormous impact on Broadway. Two of his shows ("Cats" and "The phantom of the opera") hold the record as two the longest running shows in the history of both Broadway and the West End. He has also been the only composer to have three of his shows running at Broadway concurrently. Some of his awards include three Grammies, a Golden Globe, an Oscar and a bunch of Tony awards. But perhaps most of all, Lloyd Webber is responsible for bringing the musicals and the theatre appealing to the wide audiences, who in different circumstances would not consider seeing a musical. The secret of his success is probably the mixture of beautiful and catchy melodies, interesting subject matter (though some, like Starlight Express, are too thin) and grandiose staging. Not many contemporary musical theatre composers could claim such success, let alone a steady fan base.Through the years not only have numerous compilations of his music been issued, but also more than one orchestra played his well known numbers in form of instrumental pieces. This album represents yet another attempt to spread the artistic boundaries of ALW's work, this time, through the beauty of the choral singing, backed by the impeccable sound of the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. As this CD shows, the result is wonderful. The melodies blend with the soaring voices of the male, female and mixed choirs to make a deep and a profound impact on one's ears. What comes as an interesting fact is that some of the songs include solo parts, sung by the artists from both the opera and musical theatre world, which also emphasises the meaning of ALW's music in bringing these borders seem a lot closer.The Royal Philharmonics Orchestra makes all these familiar melodies to sound fresh and lush, while the richness of the choir voices seems to match the fine texture of ALW's music. But to be totally frank, when one has as its material such fine gems as `The phantom of the opera', `Don't cry for me Argentina', `With one look', `Memory' or `Love changes everything', one needs not to overdo it with praise: the way these tunes are appreciated by so many people all over the world for so long is the best of recommendations. This album proves another important point: art can take many forms without loosing its original appeal.No matter if you are an ALW fan or simply have a thing for a good choral tune; in both cases, this album is for you.
Trowers the mana must have for the title cut, Lady love,day of the eagle, and my favorite..... fool and me
You can't beat this California King Cotton Top mattress pad for COMFORT and QUALITY! Its made in the USA by Louisville Bedding and you get a LOT for this excellent price: COOL cotton top, WIDE & DEEP skirt, FLUFFY polyester fill (that doesn't bunch or wad up) and COMFORTABLE lengthwise channel stitching! Durable, too, it keeps it beauty and shape and usefulness for MANY years. Recommended!
If you have heard of Dead Prez before, you've already formulated your opinion about them. Regardless of the quality of this album, if you do not like their message, nothing (and certainly not any reviews) will make you like this album. Dead Prez has always been completely focused on there message and you won't escape it on there albums. If you don't like it, I can understand why this music does not appeal to you.The big difference between this album an their debut is the expectations. Let's Get Free came out of know where and blew people away. With RBG, not only did they have to live up to that hype, but the hype around the release of the album. The 5 Mic rating from the Source before it's shelving, made RBG more desired than it should have been. As a result people were more than eagerly anticipating a revolutionary album in every sense of the word.That being said the album does not live up to expectations, but from that how could it without being perfect. But, RBG is a solid album in many ways. For the most part the production by Stic hits well, laying down dark beats to match the subject matter. Both Stic and M1 flow really well over both hard-hitting and fast paced tracks. Lyrically every line is focused on a message, making the quality of their rhymes even better. Once again, the message does not change and if the revolutionary concept is not for you, you will not like Dead Prez. Perhaps you can accuse the group of being monotonous, but then again you have to give them credit (how many rappers have an album with no messages or meaning).Both the intro and conclusion work well (Don't Forget where U Came From, Don't Forget where U Goin'). Walk like a Warrior is a pretty nice track, nothing special. I have a Dream, Too is the most violent song on the album, calling for straight up police brutality, an ok song the message does get lost and jumbled on this song however ("we bout to turn drive-bys revolutionary"). D.O.W.N. is a solid track. W-4 & Radio Freq are the highlights of the album, the latter address the popular crap they play on the radio. F***ed up switches the message to a surprising take on the evil's of alcohol, an impressive somber track. 50 in the Clip is fairly short, easily skippable. Way of Life is a nice song but fairly short and lacks content to back it up.The downfalls of the album occur far more than they should. The first being the production tends to blend together, most beats are somber, dark and sound too similar. It's just not as varied musically as it should. Radio Freq & Hell-Yeah are the only exceptions. Which brings up another problem, Hell-Yeah appears on this album 3 different times, which is unnecessary. Jay-Z appears on the Remix, and rips the track, but at the same time makes you question the integrity of the song. Jay-Z is certainly one of the best, but he never has come close to ever being militant or revolutionary (let alone gangsta). Finally the album is only 45 min. long. Take away 2 versions of Hell-Yeah, the intro & outro, and the skits in between its really less than 35 min!! Illmatic would be missing a lot if it was only 35 min long, so certainly any other album could not pull this off. This is just too short; it just makes you wonder what happened? They certainly didn't run out of material seeing as they released two mixtapes in between albums. All in all nothing really jumps out at the listener, nothing really captivates your attention and with a few exceptions (F***ed up, W-4, Radio Freq) it fails to make you stop and think more than 3 seconds.Overall the album just feels like it lacks the fire of their first album. If you're a Dead Prez fan, chances are it won't live up to your expectations. Same goes for those who herd a lot of hype about the album. Sometimes it is necessary to live up to expectations, especially when you create them for yourself. Dead Prez didn't really fall off in there talent, production, or message; they just didn't satisfy the army of people that were hungry for more.
Nance is my favorite author. I am not sure if it is his writing style or that I love aviation thrillers, but together I am totally immersed from page one until I flip the last page of each of his books. I have read at least eleven of his books and two of them,Medusa's ChildandPandora's Clock: Hour By Hour, The Terror Is Rising, But One Man Won't Be Deniedare my all time favorites of all books.This book had constant surprises and kept focusing your attention in different directions. I especially liked the rookie lady FBI hostage negotiator that kept violating procedures even after becoming a hostage. An excellent book that draws you into the middle of the action, no matter where it was taking place. You are there. You see it. You feel it.Author of al-Qaeda Strikes Again
&#65279;For the reasons set forth below, I give this book 5 stars and would recommend to anyone who is interested in bettering the fate of Blacks in America, collectively speaking. However, before I do that, I offer 3 criticisms of the book (though none substantial enough to detract from giving it 5 stars). First, as one reviewer noted, I think that Dr. McWhorter did in fact cover some of the same ground in "Losing the Race". Second, as Booklist noted, I also felt that on occasion, he had a tendency at times to be "long-winded and repetitive". Finally, I was particularly puzzled by the Conclusion of the book which seems to say, in essence: The problem I have described which has been the focus of the entire book--namely therapeutic alienation and its effects--is pretty much going by the boards and the people who espouse it (or live it) these days are dwindling rapidly as compared to the old days (which he loosely defines as before 2000). The book itself (up to the Conclusion) makes it seem as if therapeutic alienation is a kind of pandemic and a nearly intractable one at that. And yet the Conclusion makes it seem that the rest of the book may as well have been describing a historical period which began in, say, 1968 and ended in 2000 or 2001.Having said all that, I still say it's a 5-star book. I have to admit that, before I read this book, and based on the author's prior works, that I was biased--that is, biased as in predisposed to think it would be very well-written, highly persuasive (like a lawyer's brief in the best sense) and written with a real passion for the subject matter. And I wasn't disappointed at all. The book was every one of those things. Dr. McWhorter's views are somewhat along the lines of Shelby Steele's, whom he has acknowledged as being an inspiration. However Steele's classic book "The Content of Our Character" was written almost 15 years ago, and as Dr. McWhorter points out, racial issues are almost constantly in a state of flux. Thus, it is certainly worthwhile to have his take on the situation, circa 2006.Another thing I admire about Dr. McWhorter's technique is how he masterfully blends the "macro" analysis (i.e. convincing statistical and empirical analyses) with a "micro" analysis (such as his own anecdotal experiences). An example of the latter is his analysis of his own life as a Black person and how it has borne virtually no resemblance to the supposedly "typical" Black person portrayed in Ellis Cose's "The Rage of the Middle Class."It also struck me how shocking so much of the book seems in this day and age. People with views like Ellis Cose's, Spike Lee's and many others (i.e. racism exists all day, all night, against all classes, overt and covert, malevolently, innocently, etc. etc.) seem to be a dime a dozen. To me, one piece of evidence of the prevalence of that mindset is how is a white person utters the "N" word (even when used in a critical context such as the U. Va. incident), you can be sure that that person will either be fired on the spot, or, at a minimum, there will be hell to pay. In any event, having read many books on race relations, it is quite rare to hear a Black person come right out and say "in public" to his fellow Blacks, in 2006, that they are overstating the effects of racism and detractingfrom their lives because of it. There is no way on earth that this book could ever, EVER have been written by a white person. I am reminded of a phrase that I once heard in connection with a book by a Jewish man who was somewhat critical of the way in which Jewish "exploit" the Holocaust--he said that they are "intent on maintaining permanent possession of the Olympic gold medal in the sport of victimization". That phrase came to mind when reading this book as well. In any event if you want to read a contrarian viewpoint (contrarian to the common diatribes one continues to hear about the causes of minority ills in this country, then definitely read this book. Dr. Whorter's passion and persuasiveness shine through on every page.
Having travelled the world with several Top 10 Guides, I can confidently state that no one should buy a Top 10 Guide expecting to use it as a travel bible, particularly if one is traveling on one's own, rather than a group itinerary. With that caveat, Top 10 Crete is another great entry in the Top 10 series. As always, cross-reference it with your tour guide or a comprehensive guidebook, then tuck it in your bag and you're good to go. The maps will never leave you lost, and the restaurants in particular are always tasty. The top 10 list format the guides use divides the island into manageable chunks and gives a good idea of what's a must-see and what can be done without.My biggest complaint is the few niggling inaccuracies in some of the details about the archaeological sites (which no traveler to Crete should miss), but these will be noticed by (and bother only) the expert.
Comparisons between the 1962 and 2003 versions of the Music Man are inevitable. And such comparisons are going to center on the different approaches that Robert Preston and Matthew Broderick used to create the character of Professor Harold Hill. While many critics have dismissed Matthew Broderick's characterization, I believe that these critics have overlooked a significant interpretation of the Music Man. I like both versions of The Music Man, because they complement each other.Robert Preston interpreted Harold Hill as a fast talking con man who doubled as a sort of Pied Piper. He would lead and the town people would follow right along. It is fun to watch, but also a little confusing. Here are all these stubborn, stiff-necked Iowa folk being gullibly conned left and right. One would think that the citizens of River City wouldn't have agreed to the creation of a Boys Band unless there was something else going on.On the other hand, Broderick's Harold Hill is someone who can somehow appeal to a person's innermost wants and dreams. He isn't fast talking; instead he is able to get them to invoke their own dreams and wants, and he is able to do this because he is trying to realize his own frustrated dreams. In contrast to Preston, Broderick underplays Harold Hill and it works.No where is this interpretation more evident than in the "Marian the Librarian" sequence. Preston's Hill creates havoc in the library by behaving like a Pied Piper and everyone else is swept up in the process. Even Shirley Jones' Marian is temporally swept away.Broderick's Hill mesmerizes Kristin Chenoweth's Marian so that she invokes her dream in an unusual interlude in this number. It works because Broderick's Hill isn't trying to con her into something; he is trying to awaken her hopes and dreams.The "Trouble in River City" sequence also highlights this different interpretation of Harold Hill. Robert Preston invokes the atmosphere of a Religious Revival, whereas Broderick jumps from place to place (the barber shop, the ladies hat shop, the street, etc) planting the idea into everyone's head.Once you understand this approach, then other things in the 2003 version of the Music Man make a lot of sense. Unlike the 1962 version where Marian changes her mind because Hill has made Winthrop happy with an instrument; the 2003 version Marian changes her mind because she understands that by realizing Winthop's dreams her brother will come out of his shell. Moreover, in this context, Marian's monologue of why she is glad Hill came to town, even though he is a swindler, makes more sense.Having said all this, the 1962 version is more polished. The editing is crisp. The supporting cast is difficult to beat: Buddy Hackett, Hermonone Gingold, Paul Ford, Ron Howard, and even Mary Wicks!But there are still some things about the 2003 version that I think are superior to the 1962 version. The 1962 version edited the "My White Knight" song, whereas Kristin Chenoweth gives us the full version. The dance sequences in the 1962 version are very tight and invoke a sort of Busby Berkeley production. I prefer the 2003 dance sequences because you actually get to see more of the feet, body, and arm movement that were sacrificed in the 1962 production. One last point, you can understand the lyrics in the 2003 version a lot better.LATTER ADDITION: Recently I came across a short film of the original Broadway Production with Robert Preston. I was surprised to see that Robert Preston's original interpretation of Harold Hill actually had more in common with Matthew Broderick's interpretation in this version.
This is probably the least accessible SP album, for serious fans only... don't get this unless you've already got Too Dark Park and/or Ain't It Dead Yet. C-F-M is best listened to in a dark room, or a very creepy place... the music seems to emanate sickness and fear, unlike the later albums, which center more on anger and frustration. It's a very haunting, disturbing album even though it's only about 40 minutes long... SP's best albums always seem to be the short ones. A strange note about CFM would be that there are no truly outstanding songs, but also none that deserve to be skipped... most SP albums have a little of both those... especially Mind and Bites. Still, I'd say that my favorites here would have to be Tear or Beat, Addiction, and Second Tooth. If the sound irritates at first just listen to it about 5 or 6 times and it'll eventually grow on you. Still don't get it? Well... it's a dog eat dog world, and from where I sit there just ain't enough damn dogs!
Baby Doll (Warner Bros., 1956) was director Elia Kazan's twelfth film.A middle-aged cotton gin owner, Archie Lee Meighan (Karl Malden), lives on a dilapidated former-plantation (called Tiger Tail in the film) with his beautiful 19-year-old child-bride, Baby Doll (Carroll Baker), who has nothing but contempt for her husband. Their marriage is unconsummated although Baby Doll has promised to fulfill her wifely obligations on her 20th birthday. The entire town is privy to Archie Lee's predicament and he's greeted with ridicule wherever he goes, even from the Blacks. When the Meighans' furniture is repossessed after Archie Lee loses business to the new syndicate cotton gin in town, Baby Doll threatens to move out to the Cotton King Hotel. In desperation, Archie Lee burns down the competing gin. Suspecting that Archie Lee is responsible, the manager of the syndicate, Silva Vacarro (Eli Wallach), brings him his unprocessed cotton. Archie Lee is delighted and he and his crew get right to work while Baby Doll is left to entertain Vacarro at the house. Vacarro seduces the nubile, young beauty and chases her throughout the house in a game of "hide and seek." When Baby Doll finds herself precariously straddling the attic rafters, Vacarro extracts an affidavit stating it was Archie Lee who burnt down the syndicate gin. Archie Lee returns to the house and senses the attraction between the two. He jealously stalks Vacarro with his shotgun but the police intervene. Vacarro leaves but promises he'll be back the next day with more cotton. Baby Doll tells her Aunt Rose, "We got nothing to do but wait for tomorrow and see if we're remembered or forgotten."Baby Doll is a wonderful black comedy. Carroll Baker's Oscar-nominated performance is extraordinary. I can't praise her highly enough. Her infamous scene with Wallach on the lawn swing may be the most sexually charged piece of filmmaking in the history of cinema. Karl Malden is fantastic as the frustrated Archie Lee. Kazan filmed Baby Doll on location in Benoit, Mississippi and the movie captures the racism and segregation of the deep-South in the 1950's. As in many of Kazan's other films, locals were used to lend an air of authenticity. However, there are times when the dry, staccato delivery of the non-actors is a distraction. Kazan uncharacteristically looped in quite a bit of dialogue after the filming, prompting the viewer to ask, "Who said that?" and "Where did that voice come from?" Boris Kaufman's Oscar-nominated cinematography is superb as is Kenyon Hopkins jazzy score. Tennessee Williams's script also received an Oscar nomination.The crumbling mansion used in Baby Doll is the J.C. Burrus House, built in 1858 and the only remaining antebellum plantation house in the area. Internet sources say the house was used as a Confederate hospital and headquarters for officers including General Jubal Early. The house is said to have been spared by invading Union troops because Judge Burrus was acquainted with the commanding officer. The last of the Burrus family moved out in 1914 and the mansion was vacant by 1936. After the filming of Baby Doll it came to be known by locals as the "Baby Doll House" and "Hollywood Plantation." The house continued to fall into disrepair until a restoration was recently begun by a direct descendant of Judge Burrus. Amazing photos of the restored mansion are available on the web.Baby Doll was an extremely controversial film at the time of its release in 1956 but is quite tame by today's standards. New York City's Francis Cardinal Spellman, a closeted homosexual with voracious sexual appetites, launched a personal campaign against the film. The Catholic Legion of Decency gave Baby Doll a "C" (condemned) rating eventually forcing Warner Bros. to pull the movie.Baby Doll is a delightful romp and my favorite Kazan film. This DVD unfortunately does not include commentary but has an entertaining featurette,"Baby Doll: See No Evil," with interviews of Karl Malden, Carroll Baker, and Eli Wallach. Carroll Baker (nee Karolina Piekarski) was a lovely and extremely talented Polish American actress who was never able to completely escape the notoriety of her Baby Doll character. In spite of this, Ms. Baker refers to Baby Doll as "a very funny, wonderful, unique film that I am so proud I did."
This version of the movie, "The Super Dimension Fortress Macross: Do You Remember Love, Perfect Edition", released by Crescent Media, is really GREAT!! It's wonderful that it's available again as there was a time not too long ago when you couldn't find a copy of this movie anywhere. The only way it could be better is if they were to digitally remaster it an put in on Blu-Ray.Now as for what you get for the money, the movie set consists of the movie DVD and an audio CD that contains the soundtrack for the movie. The movie is in color, NTSC with Dolby Digital 5.1 sound tracks for both Japanese and English.Getting to the movie itself, bear in mind that the movie version is considerably different from the Macross series itself as it is a film adaptation that is a re-imaging of the original series and contains new animation. So it doesn't really fit into the normal Macross timeline even though it relates the Macross' voyage back to earth from Pluto orbit. It was originally written as an alternate-universe retelling of the Macross story. Nevertheless it has become established as a part of the Macross universe.So you will find some sharp differences in how the relationships between Hikaru, Minmay and Misa are handled as well as some differences in what happens to other major characters in the show. Given the compressed time frame, a lot of details on the relationships are left out. But in spite of that the characters and story line are fairly solid and believable in terms of their reactions and feelings. In fact I think the love stories are actually intensified because of the faster pacing and focused character development.**SPOILER ALERT** In a way, I think this re-imaging or the original series is a good thing since one of the principal characters dies bravely and nobly for good purpose instead of dying needlessly and pointlessly, due to macho stupidity, as he does in the original series. There is also the revelation of one of earth's most ancient mysteries which is handled superbly. I won't say more so as not to spoil it further for those who haven't seen this movie yet. **END SPOILERS**Another good point in my opinion is the way they handle the musical themes. I think it is superior to the original Macross series. In particular, unlike the original series, they did not play "My Boyfriend Is A Pilot" to death and they have a magnificent key song (Do You Remember Love - Ai, Oboete Imas Ka) sung by Lynn Minmay for the climactic final battle scenes whereas the original series has no principal song for the final battle sequence although the song, Love Flows, came close. You can also hear this signature song over the sounds of the battle which was not the case in the original series where the one song that could have been a signature piece is hacked to pieces by dialog and battle sounds. Also the story line of how the signature song, Do You Remember Love, in the movie is put together from two ancient sources is superb.This version of the movie itself is really excellent. The images are razor sharp, and crystal clear with excellent color saturation and good detail even in the shadows. I viewed this with a Blu-Ray player that up converts regular DVDs and outputs the image via HDMI to a Hi-Def 65" flat screen combined with a 7.1 audio system.The sound tracks available are Dolby Digital English 5.1 and Dolby Digital Japanese 5.1. The audio quality of the Japanese track is excellent while the English track is somewhat poor. It sounds slightly muffled somehow and not as crisp and clear as the Japanese soundtrack.After watching it in both Japanese and English dub, I've got to strongly recommend you go with the Japanese version with English subtitles. The Japanese audio version is definitely superior in audio quality compared to the English version, and the Japanese voice actors do a superb job of projecting the feelings and attitudes of the various characters.The English dub cast, with the exception of the person playing Minn May's part (Mari Iijima), are really very poor. They sound like they are reading the script for the first time and don't really care about what they are doing or saying. Their performance is stilted, dull and bored. It also appears that both the English dub and subtitles don't always do a very good job of translating the Japanese in the English version. You'll note that in the English version there is a big difference between what the dub actors say versus what the subtitles say at the same time.The English subs on the Japanese version though appear to be spot on.All in all this is a terrific production of the movie version and should be a must have for your collection if you are a fan of Macross. The price is reasonable and the DVD is an ALL region DVD that should play in any player.One other thing I should have mentioned is that this version of the movie has no extras on it BUT it does come with an audio CD of the movie soundtrack which includes the hit song, "Do You Remember Love?" (Ai Oboete Imasu Ka), which was sung by Lynn Minmay (Mari Iijima) at the height of the final battle. That alone makes it a must have in my book.
This is a fun disc to listen to. It's really interesting to listen to Rush's treatment of these 60's classics. The mix and mastering is outstanding and leagues ahead of Vapor Trails. It's a shame because when I listen to THIS disc I know what that band *should* have done sonically with Vapor Trails (VT's material is oustanding - it just sounds terrible).I look forward to their next studio effort.
Since we were after a smaller size, this worked fine for us. The instruction manual shows 5" x 19" which is the size as I measured it. With the cover on, the width is 6 1/4 inches. Not sure why Amazon shows it as 7" wide. Nice timer and temperature controls. Works as expected.
Personally, I found the background idea of this book very smart and &quot;appetizing&quot;:a world where books were forbidden and the fire-eaters were actually fire-blowers fighting in the name of mind-globalization against the dangers of reading and building your own way to think and to face life. Unfortunately I reckon that the style is weak, words are just thrown without explanesions in the pages, sentences are chopped in a way that often made me feel totally extraneous to the plot. A heavy atmosphere floats in this book and I had to fight hard to keep on reading. In simple words, I'd mark it 4 out of 5 for the subjects but only 2 out of 5 for the style.
Our 4-year old enjoyed it, with a little explanation in order about Miss Clavel's habit, and about the motives of the kidnappers.A very nice extra on the DVD is an old 1952 animated short based closely on the original Bemelmans book, with the text and cartoon style nearly identical. Amusingly, Miss Clavel is therein depicted as a sort of governess, rather than as a nun; perhaps a sign of the times, or maybe the cartoon's producers were not Catholic?I thought Hatty Jones did great in the title role -- wonder what ever happened to her?
I grew up listening to classical music and also playing classical music. Though I have also always liked pop music very much, I never imagined there would come a time when I would reach the point of literally *falling in love* with a pop artist. Never,... until I saw a Michael Jackson video (Dangerous) for the first time. I was in awe. That was about twenty years ago but his limitless talent and his unique charisma, his jaw-dropping performances, his admirable singing abilities were more than I would have ever expected from ANY performer. For different reasons, I never had the chance to see MJ live, but I had the hope that there would come a day when I would be one of the lucky ones standing in the audience at one of MJ's live concerts somewhere in the world. I had been hoping for Michael to return to the stage and, once more, awe the world with his rare talent. It could not happen. More than a year has passed since Michael's passing but I have not been able to come to terms with his death. He was too special. I am so glad and so thankful to have been able to have this great video. As soon as "This is it" became available I got it on DVD. Just recently I also got another copy on blu-ray and I am thinking of getting a third one, just in case. Had Michael had the chance to go on his "This is it" tour, it would have been a wonderful show. It didn't happen, and this saddens me deeply. Michael was a very special human being and, as an artist, had a talent like no other. He was the best pop artist that ever lived, he is and will *always* be the best. This video comes to prove that, at almost 50 years of age, Michael was ready, once again, to charm and inspire the whole world. I will never find the words to describe my admiration for this phenomenal artist, for this special man. Love you always, Michael.
I don't understand the reviews panning this film. It was my favorite Connery 007 film. Good plot and characters that will entertain you the entire film.
The directions that came with the product were not clear for a beginner as they did not tell what some of the items included were for or how to use. The tops of the pens were hard to put back on. In my opinion, the set I received anyway, was cheap.
This is a horrible movie. Skip it. It was so bad I had to turn it off.
Much is written about the historical importance of this record and Dylan's influence on &quot;pop music&quot; and the Beatles' influence on Dylan. It's all well-documented fact, but Highway 61 Revisited, the album, is its own best justification. The musical grounding is Chicago blues, country blues, &quot;churchhouse blues,&quot; early rock and roll music. Dylan and the British blues-rockers (Rolling Stones, Animals - not the Beatles) actually share the same influences (Robert Johnson, Muddy Waters/Howlin' Wolf, and so on). Ultimately Dylan sounds like none other than himself.The songwriting is unsurpassed, for its type, and a crack band delivers kicks and ominous licks that make the album a seminal 60s rock document. From end to end, this is Dylan's toughest, hardest-rocking album - a leap forward from the half-acoustic Bringing It All Back Home. Dylan has released different versions of these songs over the years (live versions, alternate studio takes), but he's rarely improved on these original tracks. Dylan also maintains a deadpan, sometimes stoned-out sense of humor that is missing from much of his later work. This is one of my two or three desert island discs, and it's probably the best value for your $10 (plus shipping and handling).
I bought this book for my 3 month old twin girls. They see to like looking at the pictures. Their daddy and I read it to them. I like it because it is short and sweet. At this age they have very little attention span but we still want to read to them so I think it is appropriate. We will also set the book up during tummy time so they can look at it and they are not quite as captivated with it as I would have hoped but I am glad we purchased it for reading purposes.
"Speaking in Tongues" may not be classed as classic BTNH to some, but it is definately a Classic Bizzy Album!! Bizzy is releasing new albums out of every direction! and each of those albums don't disappoint. He recently released "Thugs Revenge" and "The Story" which show that he is still on top!.My top 3 tracks include of "Seeing Things" "Less Fame" and "Shake Ya Stick" (everyone is taking the lyrics to "Shake Ya Stick" out of context, those people should just look into it or search info on what Shake Ya Stick means!) and it also has a great beat! Other standout tracks are "T.T." "Beauty (You Just A Rose)" "Hold Me Down" "He Told Me" "Represent Da One" and "Bald Head Horse Man". "BB Da Thug" has Bizzy taking advantage of LL's Classic Beat to "I Need Love" and shine's! The Last track "All Good" is a nice end to a great album!"Speaking in Tongues" grew on me after a couple listens and i am once again satisfied with my purchase of another Great Bizzy Album! This is a Must Have for the die hard Bone fan, and to the people who are new to Bizzy and are wanting to purchase this release? i encourage them and hope they enjoy what Bizzy has to say as much as i have!
I have over the years bought a number of Steppenwolf "Best of/Greatest Hits" compilations in a variety of formats (LP, Tape and CD) and been consistently disappointed due to bad audio quality; poor choice of tracks often omitting some key items; lack of notes and overall pretty crap presentation. This compliation finally saves the day and is the item to own before you start investigating individual releases by the Group.The quality of the digital remix (with key frontman and writer John Kay participating) is outstanding and the choice of 18 tracks logging in at pretty close to chronolgical order leaves no obvious items out and with very good liner notes by Scott Schinder round out a great value package.Steppenwolf were a Canadian group (The Sparrows) that relocated to LA and while never seen at the time as a top flight act with the passing of time are shown based on this compilation to be a unique and memorable mix of pop instinctive tunes played in late 1960s hard rock style ("Born to be Wild" being the prime example)and also having a social commentary approach that while not always in sync at the time with prevailing views have stood the tests of time better than say Jefferson Airplane's comparable offerings ("The Pusher" and the "Monster" trilogy included being good examples).A real pleasurable find!
oh my goodness...this album blew my mind. first off the production was spectacular.....the beats bang soo hard i had to turn it down or i would blow my speakers out. each song was better than the one before it. i remember thinking to myself this next song has to be garbage...but then it would start and my jaw would drop.....this album was a pure masterpiece. nothing more to say.
In the 1930s Maurice Collis traveled through the Shan states, which later became known as &quot;The Golden Triangle&quot; an area, gaining notoriety as the world's foremost producer of opium. Although he had served for more than twenty years as a colonial administrator in British Burma, he never had the opportunity to visit the Northeastern corner known as the land of Shan people. The Shan are a distinct nation, very different from their fellow-Burmese with whom they are forced to cohabitate because of historical fate. Culturally the Shan are more closely related to the Thai and Lao.The amalgamation of 33 Shan states were at the time ruled by what the Shan called 'Sao Paw' or 'Celestial Overlords'. Collis toured most of these states and visited a number of Sao Paw. He was struck by both the richness of traditional Shan culture and the sophistication of their rulers. Some of them had been educated at the best British universities and a few had even married English wives.Collis was a very observant traveler and history has proven him right. Visiting when Japan was making incursions into Chinese territory and using increasingly belligerent language, Collis predicted that in case of a Japanese thrust into South East Asia towards Singapore, the invasion would go right through Shan territory. During the Second World War this 'Burma Road'- the corridor between China and the Indian Ocean - was indeed vehemently contested by Japanese and Allied forces.Collis saw also internal trouble brewing. With their distinct culture and history the Sao Paws were carefully announcing to their British overlords that they would prefer to opt out of Burma when independence was granted. However their efforts to obtain autonomy were futile. The forceful entry of Shan states has been one of the major causes of the political unrest in Burma today.Lords of the Sunset is an insightful book about a fascinating period in the history of a remarkable people.
I found the book well written and informative. Even if I didn't need the book for New Comm Tech at Marywood University, I would have eventually bought the book. This book is a must for anyone with an interest in the many fields within Communication, as it has a wide breadth and covers many Comm disciplines.
I had a SPECTACULAR highschool composition class that used this as our grammar book. At the time I was only 14 and found it amusing at best. The fact that I still think of it from time to time speaks worlds compared to the rest of the stuff I learned in hightschool.Now it's 10 years later and I just found the book again thanks to Amazon. It's even better than I remember. If you've ever thumbed through the dictionary looking for cool words, or if you just like to have a vocabulary that's a step above the rest, I must recomend this book.
The dryer is an excellent dryer, works well looks very nice with the gems.However, when this arrived, the wooden presentation box was cracked in several places. I would have returned it for a replacement, but it was purchased for a gift and I did not have time. I took the dryer out of the box and wrapped it in a gift bag instead.From the looks of it, the wooden box was not cracked from shipping, but was actually manufactured out of poorly dried wood and simply dried and shrank at different rates. While the dryer is fine, it kind of spoiled the whole "limited edition" effect to have to throw out the box. Really a shame.
Absolutely couldn't put this book down. I read this one and the previous book in about a 10-day timespan. The author's writing skill, plus the subject matter, makes this a wonderful page turner. However, this isn't because it's mindless fluff. Although some of it is fictionalized dialogue (we obviously don't know exactly what was said day by day at Valley Forge), the historical dates, people, and actions is 100% accurate and since the author uses letters and other historical content as the basis for the dialogue, some of it is actually the real deal.I know what the history books say. Schaara's books are a wonderful way to relive the Amercian Revolution from a different perspective.
I bought this album, never having heard of Iona before. The description talked about the Journey of St. Brendan, who, according to legend, actually stopped in Bermuda on his way to the new world. This album turned out to be one of my all time favourites. The music is delightful and creative and excellent to relax to.
This vacuum has the craziest sucking power ever. It's actually too powerful for most rugs, in which case you need to use the extensions. I've had it for about 9 months now and have never had anything go wrong with it. The pet hair removal tool works like a dream! However, there are a few issues to note. 1~ It is very heavy, which leads you to use the "self-propelled" feature, which only leads you to get "thrown" around because it is so strong (or maybe I am just weak) 2~ emptying it is a nightmare-because it's suction is so strong, it packs the dust and whatnot so tightly that you actually have to dig the stuff out, causing a rediculous mess...but a cool feature is that if you turn the switch on top of the filter, it knocks all the dust out of it(the filter)for you. So, it may be a pain to use, my goodness does it do an awesome job! If you have pets or messy people in the house, I definately reccommend it. And btw, unlike some other reviewers, I've never had a problem with the attachments falling off.
This season has a lot of good episodes. My favorite of this season was the 3-part "Breaking up is easy to do" which shows Al and Peg separating. It answered the question I have had for a while, which is, why doesn't Al just get a divorce? The answer is that deep, deep down, he really loves Peg. But you won't hear him say it. We see he really is attracted to Peg when she seduces him as a stripper, although he doesn't know it's her until the end of the episode. There is also an interesting peek at what might have been if he and Marcy had gotten along, when her "identical cousin" shows up, and she and Al strike up a friendship.Now, don't misunderstand this, because I feel that Married With Children is hands-down the best sitcom ever, but.. this final season has some episodes that just aren't that good. Some episodes that were particularly below average were when Al, Griff and Jefferson join the National Guard, and when Bud's prison-pal girlfriend holds the family hostage. I could tell that it seemed like they were running out of good ideas, so maybe it's for the best that MWC ended when it did.In the end, there will never be another show like this one. You know this is a classic show when the networks are still comparing their new shows to this one. Any fan of sitcoms should have all 11 seasons on dvd. My personal method for maximum enjoyment of this show sounds strange, but it works. Don't watch it every day. Watch it only once or twice a year, if even that much. The reason for that is the shows stay fresh if you don't have them memorized. So, farewell to the best tv comedy ever. I'll never forget Al Bundy and Married With Children as long as I live.
We have a 2 1/2 year old and now that we've seen this DVD at LEAST 50 times together as a family and we know all the words - we buy it for birthday presents now too! It's just THAT MUCH FUN to watch together as a family. My friend was telling me that her son and his cousins all sat there and watched it together and went through the motions of patting on their legs to fire up "rocket" and they would answer all the questions, and dance with June and everything - EXCELLENT DVD! We even record the Little Einsteins shows off the Disney channel too - WAY TO GO DISNEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!
Without a doubt, RE4 is the best game available for the Wii. The virtual console games are great too but for Wii titles, RE4 is the best of them all.Absolutely enthralling!
This 1980's book addresses the concepts that have recently been revealed in "The Secret", although Catherine covers the material in a more spiritual way. Christianity is definitely a part of Catherine Ponder's "Secret", which fortunately is becoming less and less of a secret these days ! The word is out; we can and do affect our own prosperity by the thoughts we think and the beliefs we hold.This book covers the same general topics as Open Your Mind to Prosperity and the other Catherine Ponder prosperity books, but the author shares different success stories of her friends, family and clients, and many new and wonderful affirmations. There is abundant new information in this book, so don't feel that this book is redundant because it's not.Catherine shares the concept of energy exchange, energy flow, generosity and forgiveness in ways that will make total sense to you. Using Catherine's power affirmations will loosen any blocks that are keeping your prosperity from you.This is another wonderful book from Catherine, which is highly recommended. On a personal note, this book helped me to dramatically change the monetary conditions in my life for the better.
I was hesitant in buying the first season. Most times, the first season of a show makes you wince and cringe when you re-watch them. Shows usually take a season or two to come into their own. There's usually a lot of hit-and-miss that goes on in first seasons of TV shows. It had been a while since I had seen the first season of Buffy, so my fear was that I'd waste money watching a season I'd rather forget. Not so!In fact, I was surprised at how flawless the first season was delivered! This intial season definitely stands on its own. The quality of everything from acting to presentation never comes across as a fumbled attempt to make a series. The writing is strong as ever, the jokes are funny, the actors are spot on, and the presentation and dress are hip, even now, years later.The story, as all Buffy fans know, starts here with Buffy coming to Sunnydale, California to begin a new life with her mother. Little known to her is that Sunnydale is actually "the hellmouth." She's going to have her work cut out for her, but with the help of new friends, Willow and Xander, and her watcher (supervisor, guide, and trainer) Rupert Giles, she starts letting the demonic Sunnydale residents know that the slayer's in town, and she's making it her own.I was actually talking about Buffy the other day with my husband. He didn't pay much heed to Buffy before we bought this DVD set, but he couldn't get enough of Buffy after the first episode! Now, he watches the latest season with me every week. We spoke about how Buffy the Vampire Slayer holds the very rare distinction of being the only series we've seen that had a strong start to begin with. Regardless of being new to TV, this first season didn't skip a beat. It was as if the writers, producers, and actors had been doing Buffy for years and years before. What a way to start off the show!I think that this season, now looking in retrospect, is truly my favorite. The entire season was strong, and there's really a beautiful nostalgia to it. It's the most innocent of all the seasons, and Buffy's troubles were simple. The drama with Faith, Angel, Spike, and Dawn didn't begin yet. The biggest evil in Buffy's life at this point is high school, and there's something really enjoyable in that simplicity.Simply put, I can't believe I had actually waited the amount of time I did to buy this set. I bought it two months after it was released, but I'm glad I did. I've since then bought seasons two and three, and they are the perfect solution to a rainy day.
I read this after seeing the movie. I like the 3 women's perspective on the same events. Very interesting story of a young woman who wants to be a nun, but seems helpless to escape a marriage to an older, un-likeable neighbor. Fortunately, it's a commedy so the ending is happy.
This is even better than &quot;For All Eternity&quot;, to which it is a sequel. The characters (Nicholas' brother Quentin)and his undesired wife, Jane, are complex and enjoyable.
Twilight is officially one of the top 5 WORST books I've ever read. Poorly written. One dimensional characters. Edward is a controlling jerk with no personality. Their relationship has no substance. Meyers writes like she has a word bank of SAT words that she's determined to force into the text. BLECH!
This was a bigger step for Slayer in defining their sound. This album has many themes related to death, war, horror, and the shadow side of man. And all done with a bit of tongue and cheek.
The watch while undamaged looked as though it had been returned by a previous customer who tried to put it back in the original packaging unsuccessfully. In addition, the packaging was cheap. I have bought Timex watches for over 40 years ands have never seen one so poorly and unattractively packaged. Add to that the aforementioned fact that it looked as though it were used and this was not something you wanted to give as a gift. Very disappointed!
I am willing to give a lot of leeway to a game if it allows me to play in the Star Wars universe, but this game has so many problems it's nearly unplayable.* The graphics are extremely dated, like something from the mid-1990s. Compared to beautifully rendered games like Guild Wars... it's just no comparison.* The controls for the game make the most basic tasks -- targeting an opponent and then attacking them -- an exercise in frustration. Essentially, it's impossible to simply select a target and attack them, as you can in every other game I have ever played. Guild Wars, again, is the high water mark here.* The Player-vs-Player mechanics are utterly borked. There is no separation between areas that are "safe" and areas that aren't -- there are no safe areas. If PVP is enabled, it is enabled everywhere. There is also no separation or discouragement for players of wildly different level attacking each other, meaning that anyone who enables PVP is instantly killed unless they are at least 70th-80th level.* The game only permits you to have two characters per server. Two. 2. T-W-O. That's ridiculous. Every other MMO game I have played permits at least six.The last straw for me was the idiotic name filter.I had played a Jedi up to level 20, and was working on another character when I ran into a peculiar error message. When attempting to create a character named "Siobhan", I got an error message that said names of famous Star Wars characters and planets were not permitted.Um... what? Since when is the name "Siobhan" a Star Wars character or the name of a planet?So I went on the Star Wars Galaxies forums and asked if this was a famous planet or character that I'd somehow never heard of. The answer was... ye gods, it's just too ridiculous. The answer was, "Because the name filter won't permit any name that has the letters H - A - N in it."Ethan. Chani. Hannibal. Vaughan. Nathaniel. Siobhan. "...han..." is a very common series of letters in names. And none of those names are permitted? You're kidding me, right? They weren't kidding.You know, there are so many, many things wrong with this game (I have listed only a few), but I struggled through and persevered for a couple of weeks because, by gosh, it's Star Wars. I will go a long way and forgive a host of faults just to play in the Star Wars universe.But that was just the last straw. Any game with that level of obnoxious, overt stupidity built into it is simply not worth my time.I really, really look forward Bioware's MMOG.Finally, a word about the "New Game Experience". A great many forum posts and reviews focus on this game update from 2005. News flash: this is 2007. GET OVER IT. Complaining about something that happened in 2005 is just pathetic, particularly when there are more than enough things to complain about in the game as it is TODAY.
Evil Empire is a good CD. It's just that it pales in comparison with Rage's other finer works such as Battle of Los Angeles and their first self-titled CD. As you listen through the whole album, the songs start to sound a little monotonous. On my very first listening I felt that there were a few too many one note riffs. Another thing that sets Evil Empire apart from other Rage albums is the lack of any songs that make you want to thrust your fist into the air and roar. There was a never a time like in their first album where Zach screams Wake up as the whole band rocks away. This album also feels a little trippier with the heavy use of guitar effects that is typical of their CDs. There seems to be too much really. You rarely hear Tom rock away with an awesome distorted riff like in Township Rebellion. My favorite song on this disc in Down Rodeo and I'm surprised it's not more popular. Overall this is a good CD, but it just doesn't match the standards that have been set for Rage Against the Machine.
Awful! Julian Casablacas had the nerve to put the bad mouth on Jet and their music, you'd be better tending to your own house fella!! Sold it back as used to record shop bought from!!!
Highly recommended. This book has done wonders for our little baby girl, who becomes a "little beast" when she doesn't get her sleep.This book points out that most parents put their children to bed way too late in the evening, and people in general do not let their child get enough sleep. If you think your child might be sleep-deprived, read this book. You won't recognize the new little angel that is your well-rested child.
I can't believe this, but I was trying to be good and buy this lamp at my local store. You know, I wanted to keep my dollars here in town, since I buy way too much stuff off Amazon as it is. However, if I had shopping for it here on Amazon, I would have seen all of these reviews about the lamp spontaneously dying and bought something else. Argh!I no longer have the original packaging--I foolishly expected it to work--and now I'll have to see if the store will take it back, although after reading all of these reviews, I realize that the best I can hope for is an exchange, and I don't want another one of these lamps.
This game works. It works fine. In fact, the game itself is good. However, it would have been better with the same game mechanics but with the guise of a classic arcade-style zombie shooter, like Area 51.
This thing makes cool squawking noises. Whether ducks like it is TBD. My skill with it so far (5 minutes practice) will probably scare the duckies off instead of luring them! (I shoot, but only pictures!)WARNING! Don't let your kids play with it or you'll go bananas!Oh well, if no luck schmoozing birds (they'll probably find me amusing!); it will make a killer New Years party toy!
This is really top quality workmanship and design. But the company should not claim it fits up to 17" violas, it should rate it the same as their lower tier case, ProTec Standard Viola PRO PAC Case Music Instrument Cases. My viola is 16 7/8" back length and this case is about 1/3" too short to pack it in, even with the block pushed up against the inside compartments to the limit. A 2001 magazine review finds the HS-2166-W model will "fit any viola from 15 to 16 inches", consistent with my experience.Also, the sides of the 10" wide viola squeeze tight against the molded stiff interior, meaning that any compression of the case by outside forces will go straight to the viola. There needs to be some margin around the viola so that the case takes the force of compression, not the viola. Also, the brackets for the bow holds are not quite wide enough for my particular viola bow's head.For a 16.5" or smaller viola, this case would be heaven. Gorgeous red velvet interior with good support cushions on the back side. The adjustable block is well designed, but could use a washer where the wing nut attaches. The internal compartment just fits aKun Collapsible Viola Shoulder Rest, Standard 15+ Inch, leaving a whole other compartment for rosin and tuner. The plywood construction seems very strong. There is none of the smelly plastic found in cases coming from China except in the rubber feet on the outside.The sample I received (from another vendor) has a 13 inch wide music pocket on the top, not the full-length (31 inch) pocket as described on the vendor and manufacturer's web site for this model. The dimensions are not quite as described either --- 30.5 x 11.25 x 6.75 actual, vs. 31 x 10.75 x 6.25 described. But the model number matches. I e-mailed the manufacturer and they confirmed that the model had changed design and they had yet to update their web pages.Rather than return this case, with the cost of shipping, and having to continue looking for a 17" viola case, I took a close look at the design of the adjustable block, and it appeared that the 3/8" velvet-covered board covering the side was not structurally necessary. So I pried it off, and this allowed it to be slid 3/8" further, which gives just enough room, with a bit of a squeeze, to push the 17" viola in the case. I also loosened the screw in the middle of a clip for two bows, and this allowed the large bow head to slip in. If you are game to do surgery on your case, you CAN get it to work for a 17" viola.
I love this dvd, I watch it all the time. I want to get the cd too, so I can put the songs on my Ipod. The only dvd I need from them is, En Vivo Gira Mexico 2005. I want it so bad!!! I love to watch these guys perform as much as I like to hear them on my stereo. What matters is I love the dvd and I am sure you will too!!
This is the first manga that I've ever read, and I have to admit I liked it. Being a comic, the art and character designs are the most important to me. So I went down to the local bookstore conglomerate and quickly flipped through a bunch of manga that they had, and this one immediately caught my eye. I really like the simple, clean lines. Hair and faces are drawn very well, and aren't all crazy (like YuGiOh). Plus I was amazed at how clear the action came across in the fight scenes. The author did a great job portraying each battle in a straightforward yet stylistic manner. This is exactly what I expect from the art and storytelling of a comic or manga.The problems with this manga stem from poor dialogue and plot. Even though high schoolers do swear and talk about sex all the time, the dialogue in Battle Vixens was rediculously over the top, to the point where it becomes almost annoying. As for plot there is a weak mythology about ancient chinese warriors that may become more relevant in later volumes, but is pretty unimportant here. There are also hints to hegemonies, conspiracies, and hidden powers.All in all, I gave this manga 4 stars out of 5 because I thoroughly enjoyed myself while reading it. I definitely plan on checking out the next volume (even though it isn't available on amazon.com). If you like great comic artwork, good fight scenes, unbelievably cute girls, and plenty of fan service, then you might like Battle Vixens. Check out the review in Newtype USA (June 2004) as well.
I went to diversity training at work today. It got me thinking about this CD, so I dug it up. It really is pretty damn good and still holds up. The CD is mostly about racism and what it's like to black in America. The music is great rock and roll with a bit of reggae. I highly recommend it.
I could not even get through all this program. I'm shocked and surprised that a so called "Computer Scientist" can do something like this with so little scientific evidence and on the opinions of a handful of people just with their own self deluded and failed ideas. Most of his panel are not doctors or nutrisionalists but a few people in offices and a couple in white coats that talk about their opinions with very little or no scientific fact. Naughton then goes onto trash the "Supersize me" which in many cases seems like splitting hairs. He talks about Spurlock's 5,000 calories and then compares what he could eat - like he calculates around 3,600 instead of 5,000; big deal isn't it like moving deck chairs on the titanic - it's kind of obvious that you'd put on weight either way with that kind of eating. He then makes out he's calling Spurlock's production company and making out they didn't reply back to him.His "science" consists of interviews people on the street and tries to make out it's scientific. He asks people to tell him what they think of calories (high or low) when he shows them a plate with a Big Mac and fries and a large coke. He also takes a camera out and says it took him 2 hours to find pictures of really fat people. There's nothing in the program about the tens of thousands of people who end up in hospital with chronic and life threatening illnesses like heart disease when many of these people are not "seriously overweights" either.His worst thing though is to criticize the "Food Evangelists" by having a few people with zero scientific credibility trash the so called "Freedom infringement". He even compares them to the prohibition lobbyists. It's like an NRA guy calling anyone who wants to introduce gun checks "liberal hippy commies". He picks on one advocacy/lobbyist group the CSPI and does a very poor job of trying to discredit them. But you can do that with any lobbyist group and poke holes in their argument. I don't even think the CSPI is particularly credible, it's like picking on the weakest guy in the room and doing him over and making out you're a "hard guy". His small amount of scientific credibility is Eric Oliver, PhD from University of Chicago and he's only stating the obvious like intake of high sugar contents beverages and snacking are causing obesity. He even says the CSPI is a "very well intentioned organization". He tries to make out that because they are advocating vegetarianism then they are a "vegetarian organization that is their only interest, not the interest of the public" and "promoting mis-information for the benefit of some industries". Well, I've a shocking surprise for you Mr Naughton, so does every other advocate group out there. He then lists dozens of food items that the founder Michael Jabobson and CSPI has warned about as being dangerous. Things like Eggs, Eggplant Parmigiana, gyros, grilled cheese, fried rice, hamburgers, meat loaf, scones, etc. However, if you look closely at what 95% of these foods are it's either high in fat, salt or has animal fat/protein like meats and dairy. Feccuccini alfredo is singled out then he goes and asks people in the street how many of that dish they have eaten then asked them how many heart attacks they've had. That is just plain stupid! It's the issue of the dish being processed pasta and high contents of fat in dairy not how many you've eaten in your life!If you watch this take it with a large "pinch of salt" and watch something that can provide you with more of the facts and less cheap and tacky opinion and "science".
Hick uses the common ground of mysticism to explore the Real, Transcendent Other behind religions and what may lie in store for us after death. He stresses the optimism of all the systems (the good news) and the need for selfless humanitarian action (love) in this world.
This album may not have been well known, but it is an excellent record. I don't think any of the songs were hits, but the album is excellent. I highly recommend it.
This book was ok. Through out the whole thing all of the workers at the salon are just fighting over this one guy and after a while it gets old and you lose whatever focus you had for the book ar first. Better sub-plots less Involving this guy would have enhanced the book
Yes, that's right, it's taken that honor away from "Congo." I am truly stunned by the positive reviews of this movie I read here. "Haiku Tunnel" was simply NOT FUNNY. I really don't know what else to say about it. I'd discuss its plot, but it didn't really have one. (Huge dork can't manage to mail 17 important letters for his boss, given a whole week in which to do it, doesn't deserve to be called a plot.)Oh, and when Josh (somehow) gets laid, it has got to be the least sexy sex scene ever committed to film.I was befuddled by the "R" rating as well. Evidently laughable (and mostly clothed) coupling plus a couple of four-letter words will do that. But this time I agree with the MPAA--as many people should be protected from this disaster of a film as possible.In closing, I will say that "Haiku Tunnel" is a perfect example of why Sony shouldn't call its "indie" film arm "Sony Picture Classics." This movie shouldn't even be in the same paragraph as the word "classic," unless we're talking about a classic example of how to waste a lot of people's time and money.
Amazon just reminded me that I purchased these from Amazon in 2000.These PortaPro's used to be THE standard as the most comfortable and best sounding headphones for portable, PC and casual listening. You can't go wrong at the price point.On my Cowon IAudio U3 player (MUCH better audio, watts, than any crApple Ipus), where one can really hear the quality of audio. It has several audio formats that include the superior open source formats like the losless FLAC and the best lossy format, Ogg.I listen to different types of music, classical, classic rock, blues, progressive, audio documentaries, audio books.I am one that really loves to listen to music that is distortion free as possible. I love clear, clean sounds that are natural where you can really pick out all instruments, little nuances in harmonies. Where quietness, silence in a song, will be totally quiet.I have that as good as the PortaPro's are, they give more of a distorted sound, especially with distortion at bass. I say this in compariason to Sennheiser Headphones and what I see as the best of breed, the Sennheiser PX100s.Someone called them "livier" than the PX100s, where I totally understand what they are referring too. The "livier" part is why I gave them to me son. That is distortion, especially at bass. I don't like distortion or over amplification that creates distortion.But if one prefers that heavier, distorted bass sound, which many do, these are the ones.They are SOOO comfortable, but then again so are the PX100s.I for one, couldn't care less what others think if they look cool, ugly, whatever. What is essential is the comfort and audio quality.If someone is really bothered because they are NOT in a style that is not currently marketed, then I feel the issue is withe the individual, not the headphones.They really are great and I see at 29.99, a great buy.OR ... if you want, you can pay of $100, and get some heavily marketed headphones that are more stylist, but will be a more more uncomfortable and probably not sound as good as the PortaPros or the PX100s.I also will tell you that I cannot stand the headphones that are made to drown out sound. For one, the headphones that do allow air SOUND BETTER. The headphones that totally cut out air and environmental sounds, literally give me a headache.I too want to know if someone is trying to get my attention or if their is some kind of loud noise that I should be aware of.JonAs for me, I have my PortaPro's to my son several years ago.I love a listen to music that gives me the most distortionless
The title alone let's you know what you're in for. For my taste, I like this better than Mobley's classic &quot;Soul Station.&quot; If you're not movin' when you listen to this, check your pulse, you may be dead. A mostly funky, groovin' selection of songs, they also slow it down a bit with the very languid and contemplative ballad &quot;I See Your Face Before Me.&quot; Nice.
Arturo Bandini comes to sunny Los Angeles to write the great American novel. Only problem is he doesn't feel very American. And Los Angeles is full of fogs, bad coffee, and displaced Midwesterners who butcher calves in fleabag hotels. Bandini, the narrator of Fante's thinly veiled autobiography, has only his talent and he's not shy about announcing it. For anyone who cares, anyone who will listen, he's right up there with the great ones. Step aside Faulkner and Steinbeck, Bandini has arrived. At his core, though, the little man of literature is a self-loathing slug. He loves himself, he hates himself. When he chances upon a Mexican beauty working in some cheap cafe, he finds the perfect target for all his bile. A trainwreck romance ensues. Bandini bangs out prose with unbelievable ease, but he can't defend himself against a torrent of petty degredations: the palm trees covered in dust, his own failure as an Italian in the Casanova mold. And his Aztec queen, the tormented Camilla, just can't get it together. The desert calls. Fante's novel is all about displacement, that gnawing feeling of not belonging to anyplace or anyone.
This is a product of the lazy, latter-day Leonard who knows he's a great writer who can just sit back and let it flow. The onetime master of concision now takes a hundred-odd pages just to set things up.Even his ear for dialogue has started to fade on him. Now everybody like, y'know, talks like, uhh, some kinda boob, get what I'm sayin'? The line of self-parody is lying a little too close in these pages.He still has a hand with the quirky minor characters, though they can't carry an entire 350-page plus novel. But this one did make it clear to me why Leonard is so popular with the pomo crowd: his characters inhabit an utterly amoral universe, one with no values or standards whatsoever. Here, e.g., the protagonist is that well-known figure drawn from life, the friendly, easygoing loan shark. In your traditional crime novel--Chandler or either MacDonald can serve as examples--the action occurs against a hard-edged moral framework that is at least given lip service. Now I won't demand that every piece of fiction act as a morality play. But this was a case where I finished the thing, and kind of enjoyed the ride, but didn't like myself for it. In Leonard's recent novels, all that matters is who gets to take home the candy. And when you get right down to it, that just ain't enough.
These pads are good in that they are completely made of completely bio degradable product. This also make them much more breathable and comfortable to wear. They are NOT for overnight use. Very happy with the purchase, especially price for bulk is wonderful.
It's actually pretty hard to find this item. I've looked locally for a long time, then tried Amazon on a fluke. Works fine, should last a long time. I'm not sure how long that it will stay at $1.00, since it must cost that much to package it.
amazon has these under an ace bandage search for 6$ less ...then when you get to their page it become $7 and change..awfully expensive...big bix stores have them much cheaper, MUCHwhose mistake; if not theirs why do they not contact amazon and correct it...not to do so makes me wary of them.
Love it. So much to get out of this movie. Best acting, great music. Lost count how many times viewed and will again. Sissy Spacek always great (see her in Raggedy Man) also Tommy Lee Jones. Scale of one to ten, ten being best,this is an eight.
I previously used the CIPA fender mounts and also had a bad experience with the mirror clamp-ons, which failed.This looks like it might be a winner, if it doesn't corrode like other CIPA products.
What a boring book! I've read others of Ms. Michael's works and was glad to note this is an early one.I read the whole book through but am not sure why. There was nothing lovable about Katherine that I could see. I haven't seen so much jumping to the wrong conclusions in ages! And is she ever whiny! Even if it is in her head. In fact, what goes on in her head and what comes out of her mouth in interaction with others makes her sound like a split personality.There is absolutely NO chemistry between Katherine and Stephen! Not emotional and, certainly, not sexual. They lived together for months and only shared one kiss? And this told her how much she really loved him? Sheesh! Spare me!Another thing that bothered me was that the whole story is told from her point of view. We never get inside of Stephen's head to know what the heck's going on with him. He doesn't appear to be desperate for women so why he wants this loser is beyond me.In fact, everybody in the whole book is just too one dimensional for me. And too many loose ends were left dangling. I'm not even going to donate this book to the library. Into the trash it goes!I'm sure happy to know that Ms. Michael's writing skills have improved vastly since she wrote this drivel.
I recently purchased an eMachine and let me tell you I am nothing less than pleasantly pleased. Unfortunately, there's some drama involved and a two-month hiatus without a machine which was absolute torture for a "mouse potato" such as myself. Let me illustrate.I'm a graphic designer professionally and with new programs I had purchased I needed to update my processor and RAM something fierce; I didn't even make the basic requirements on my old system for most of the programs I bought. So, since my old system was a Compaq and was very reliable in the past I decided to go ahead and get another one -- this time customized and top of the line.Was this a huge mistake! I had bought it through Best Buy and after waiting three weeks for it to originally come in I had problems from the very start. I got the dreaded blue screen of death and after going back to Best Buy after only THREE DAYS and countless hours attempting to fix it they estimated that it was a hardware problem and returned it to their warehouse.What happened after that was absolutely ridiculous. Best Buy held onto it for two weeks, estimated that they couldn't fix it and returned it to Compaq who sent it back to me after 2 1/2 weeks. When I finally got it back (albeit two months after I originally ordered it) it no longer had the blue screen -- this time it simply restarted randomly. After doing a diagnostics check it was -- yup, you guessed it -- the CPU was bad and said "Return to Vendor." For those of you who don't know much about systems, if the CPU is bad, you have to return the whole system; You can't just update a piece. I had enough.After returning it to Best Buy absolutely disgusted, one of the techies (the ones in-store were good, their "warehouse" guys were awful) who had been working on computers since the '70s, recommended an eMachine. He showed me a good model for what I was working on and said it would definitely hold up to its performance.He said eMachines are a "dirty little secret" right now. They haven't been reliable in the past, but now are leading in quality products, processors and parts. Plus it was at least $500 less than the Compaq I had bought (let alone an estimated $1,000 less than the Dell I priced -- both of which had the same amount of power as the eMachine.) I had a feeling that I was making the right decision as they opened it up to install my secondary drive and all the techies in the department came over to drool and comment on my system. Good sign. They also all commented that out of all the machines that come back for repair, they hardly ever see eMachines -- but plenty of Compaqs and Dells.How has it been? Perfect. Absolutely no problems. They come through on their system and it shows. It has features that are outstanding. If you're online and have any kind of problem, you can instant message one of their techs and they'll help you on the spot.This is a great machine and well worth the price. Mine was more than the price listed, but I had it customized. Never again will I buy a Compaq after the problems and absolute neglect they gave me as a new customer as well as not fixing the problem but making me wait three weeks only to give back a broken machine.I HIGHLY recommend this machine to anyone out there looking for a quality product. I have been very, very happy with this system. Their processor is amazingly fast -- lightning speed for everything I've done and I haven't had a single error or anything even close since I bought it. Check it out, read up on it and you'll see what I mean. Don't fall for the overhyped commercials of Dell or Compaq. Just because they advertise doesn't mean they're quality. You won't be disappointed.
The player plays only plays DVDs and CDs.NO CDR, NO CDRW, NO MP3. Purports to play VCD, but this is pointless since it can't play CDR.Most frustrating part of this unit is the time lag between power on and tray opening. Should take one second, but wastes about ten.Remote control is poorly designed and you'll be forced to turn on the lights to find any button. Multiple angle DVDs are very frustrating to use. Changing angles requires more than one button push.My Apex cost half as much and has many more features.
I've enjoyed listening to this since it came out. I'm not a Duran Duran fan, but this album is more complex and interesting than Duran Duran's music.The best songs are Keep Me in the Dark, Goodbye Is Forever, The Flame, and The Promise.
This thing gave my brand new 360 the red ring of death within minutes, I took it off and everything seems to be ok. Do not buy this piece of junk.
Yes, yes I have read Wicked &amp; Stepsister. Yes Wicked is one of my favorite books. But this review is about Lost. And that is exactly what it is.It wasn't until the last 1/10th of the book that I got interested in the story at all. And even that didn't last, as I thought the ending was dreadful. This book does not live up to the storytelling and writing that Gregory Maguire is known for. The story is halfhearted and not fully explained. Many of the long, rambly descriptive paragraphs in the book are confusing and leave the feeling that Maguire has either lost his mind himself or has lost grasp of the English language all together.I finished Lost feeling cheated and disappointed. Lost does not live up to it's own author.
I have watched this many times over the years always on cable..I bought this as a gift for my 9 year old niece who had never seen it
I am so glad I finally found an online source for these visors. I've been picking them up, one or two at a time, from street fairs for probably 20 years now. You can see me wearing them in all my adult travel photos, because they are so light and comfortable, and they keep the sun out of your eyes (or the rain). And these particular visors, here on Amazon, had good snaps, too.
This Cuba Gooding Jr vehicle was well on its way--as most of his post-Oscar movies have been--to being mediocre and instantly forgettable. And then comes a plot twist so bizarre, unexpected, and frankly kind of stupid that it ends up making the movie not only entertaining, but interesting and touching. With better work by all hands--from writer and director through actors and special effects folks--this could have approached a sort of B-movie so-dumb-it's-brilliant status. As it is, it's merely a welcome surprise that something that starts out so plodding and dull found a Twilight Zone gear to shift to, rescuing the watching experience for people who don't mind a little out-of-left-field zaniness in a serial killer genre movie.But which genre IS it? Horror? Sci-fi? Drama? That's the fun. It's a minor genre borderlands masterpiece. Just don't expect a GOOD movie in the traditional sense of "good."
Unfortunately, none of the rope light manufacturers have agreed on a common connection size, so if you need an extra length of rope lights, you can't mix it with another brand...the connectors won't fasten. If you have a long run, be sure to order plenty from the same brand...and then some.
This book very outdated and the questions are not realistic of the type of question given on the NDBE or NDEB. The book duplicates many of the questions 3 or 4 times. The book looks like it was an old photo copy of a test that was written on a typewritter and has been photocopied many times.
I found this CD just perfect, if you enjoyed the movie, I also like Tangerene Dream, but I am not an avid collector, so I just thought the soundtrack covered a lot of highlights of the movie, and it was well put together. Some of the vocals bring back some of the high-points of the movie. If you liked the movie, you will like the soundtrack equally.
I want to maintain my vehicles with the very best products. K&N; filters are the best! When I was younger... I thought a filter was a filter and I bought Fram or some other inexpensive brand and I thought that was good enough. I'm older and I hope much wiser do to life's experiences and the extensive research I do on everything I purchase. In most cases... you get what you pay for. I have used K&N; oil and air filters in my truck, car and motorcycle for many years and would't think of changing to something less. You get a quality, well built product and when I think of all the times I ruined filter removal tools... I really apreciate the nut that is welded on the bottom of the oil filter for easy removal in tight places. Protect your investments with K&N.; If someone else changes your oil and air filters... buy K&N; from Amazon and have your maintenance man install them! My 2004 Ford F-150, 5.4,Super Crew, gas milage increased nearly 3 miles per gallon on the highway after installation of the K&N; Air Filter.Please take the time to read this experience I had in order to help you increase your gas mileage on newer vehicles:When I removed the original filter and installed the K&N; air filter... my gas mileage improved nearly 3 miles per gallon. Then I had to disconnect my dead battery and install a new battery... I lost about 2 to 3 miles per gallon! Crazy Huh? Well, I discovered this information on a Blog that makes a lot of sense and I since discovered my owners manual varified this theory. The computer system monitors the amount of AIR that goes into the engine and the amount of Air coming out through the catalitic converter and adjusts the GAS flow according to a preset (predetermined) gas mileage setting by the manufacturer. When I installed the new K&N; Filter, additional air flow was allowed, but the original settings for the amount of fuel remained the same because the computer keeps the original air flow recordings until the battery is disconnected. This equates to better gas mileage! The truck computer keeps the original settings for gas and air until the power (electric) to the truck computer is cut off. After the electric is re-established to the computer... it monitors the air flow for several miles at slow speed and highway speed and resets the amount of gas flow to correspond to the new air flow... in accordance to the manufacturers preset gas mileage goal. This is how I lost the gas mileage (when the battery died)that I had gained when the K&N; filter was first installed. So... to correct this... I put the original air filter in the truck... disconnected the battery for at least 20 to 30 minutes to clear the computer and then reconnect the battery. Then I started the truck and drove at a low rate of speed for a few miles... then drove the truck on the highway for a few more miles. This allows the truck computer to reset the computerized gas/air flow settings from the air filter you now have in the vehicle. Then I replaced the original air filter with the K&N; filter. Now the computer will keep the settings of the original air flow from the factory type air filter (until the battery goes dead or is disconnected again) and the additional air flow allowed by the K&N; filter, once again, improved my gas mileage back to what I gained when I first installed the K&N; filter! I gained back nearly 3 miles per gallon! The computer in my truck and car monitors my fuel mileage. This is how to fool the computer systems factory settings to improve gas milage and it will keep these settings until you disonnect the battery for some reason. I keep the original air filter on hand in case I need to disconnect the battery to change spark plugs or something and I need to fool the computer with the original air filter flow again! If your vehicle doesn't have a computer... then there are no computerized factory preset air and gas settings. Just put in the K&N; Air Filter and your good to go. This particular K&N; Filter 33-2346 is for my wife's new Azera but the results of improved gas mileage for the car is expected. I'll update laterUPDATE: 12/24/2011 The Azera gas mileage increased an average of 4-5 miles per gallon. I use K&N; filters in my car, truck and motorcycle and recently I was informed that I was cleaning the K&N; filters too often. Taking the advice... I now clean the filters after 10,000 miles (I seldom drive on dirt) and the mileage actually increased!
I flipped to the back of the book and was disturbed to find the five people that I'm going to meet in heaven:Shari LewisJoseph Stalin's brother-in-lawDick SargentDick YorkMr. Hooper from Sesame StreetNo offense, but I guess I'm a bit underwhelmed.
I paid 5 dollars for this loser in the Walmart cheapy bin. It was money wasted. I very much enjoyed " Gettysburg " and that is why I bought it. Says " from the same director " on the jacket, whatever that means. If you enjoy maudlin with pointless religiousity, you might sort of enjoy this film. I don`t know. They lay it on thick. Do not expect the same action filled adventure of GETTYSBURG. Not worth watching. ...Oscar
We purchased this for my husband to give to a co-worker. It's a great gag gift for whoever is the office smart aleck. Over time, the ball might get some bubbles in the water which makes it harder to read, but overall this is a great little toy for a good price.
never buy this product. the connection is very bad. feels like you are talking over a one-way walky-talkie. the customer service is worst. they charge 60$ disconnection fee too. this is their unique way of retaining customers :-)
I just got an order of 24 and everything was fine. I tried one out next to a GE Reveal bulb and it was pretty comparable light quality. Will be getting a few more before the govt shuts everything down.
This was an easy feel good read. Although not as baked into romance as much as self discovery and family, it is enjoyable. I thought Mat and Nealy were a great couple and would have loved more time with them alone together as opposed to dealing with and raising an instant family. The family is Lucy and Button, two girls they find themselves looking after due to a series of strange events. SEP does not disappoint if you're looking for a fast light and funny read with a bit of romance wrapped into it.
I won't say How to write KILLER Fiction contains the most insightful of writing advice, Most of the book focusses on describing mystery and thriller techniques of tried authors, which is kinda helpful, but also in a sense is telling wanna-authors what NOT to do as this has already been done.There are smatterings of good advice. Towards the end, however, in the 'general' section, KILLER starts to feel like Filler, and I recommend time strapped readers skip this section, unless this is first how-to write book they've seen, and don't know that adverbs are the black-jelly beans of authoring.
A mixed set with Joel and Mike as hosts. One was completely ruined for me.RING OF TERROR: Quite a few of these reviews were written BEFORE this set was released. I wonder if anyone has experienced this problem. In my set (purchased directly from Barnes and Noble), "Ring Of Terror" is practically unwatchable. It is NOT in black and white! The entire movie, including daytime scenes, are in dark blue and black. The only time I could actually see the actors was when they wore white shirts. I've never seen Joel before buying the sets, and like him almost as much as Mike Nelson. The rifftrax are hilarious and I wanted so much to see how they fit in the movie, but I simply couldn't. It was too dark. Most of the time I had practically a black screen. The Host segments were clear as a bell. I loved the take on how OLD these "students" were.Okay, that being said, I really enjoyed this set.HORRORS OF SPIDER ISLAND. One of my favorites because it makes great fodder for Mike and the Bots. The plot revolves around a bunch of really sad looking, plump Euro-tarts and their manager, hired to "dance." Okay, one of the funniest plot points occurs when they're in flight and THEIR JET CATCHES FIRE AND DIVES, NOSE FIRST INTO THE SEA!....Then, we see all of the passengers on a life raft (??), without a bruise. The mindless twits murmer and in no time find land. We see the gals walking to shore still wearing shoes and holding handbags. The accent of one woman changes so often it's a hoot. A foreigner attempting a Southern accent. Then the horror ensues and Mike and Bots have a field have a field day. Love it!TORMENTED: I had a slight problem with the movie soundtrack and trying to hear the riffs. But Joel and the Bots do a great job. This is a 50's black and white movie that uses a lighthouse as a backdrop. I can't help but wonder why a blind woman would go into one....and climb to the top. But that's what makes great MST3K material.THE INDESTRUCTIBLE MAN. Not one of the better MST3K movies. The riffs aren't as funny. However, it's a hoot to see a woman who looks like an Avon saleswoman portray a stripper. There's very little stripping (for that, you'll have to get The "Incredible Strange Creatures who Stopped Living and became Mixed Up Zombies)." I was saddened to see an aging Lon Chaney Jr. in the title role. The main female character is appropriately stupid, constantly placing herself in danger.I did pre-order this set, so I didn't pay full price. I also agree with folks who suggest a pre-order. BUT wait until Rhino mentions which movies will be on the set. Then you won't be disappointed with the Joel and Mike mix.
Small, compact, no frills...does what it needs to...buttons are a little stiff to push, but overall a good buy.
I love Maurice Sendak and did not have this book in my collection. When I heard he had passed I wanted this book. The book arrived promptly and as described. Thank you.
I am a grad student, and my pens/pencils were always all over. So I tried being all Euro and got a pencil case. This one is great because it's got a nice square shape that holds a surprising amount. The zipper works well. Best of all is the color, blue/yellow/green depending on how you turn it to the light. It's a finely textured plastic with a yellow zipper, and two little tabs on the end (to put a carabiner on to hang it?), and a little keyring on the zipper pull. I have to say I love it! The shifting colors keep me amused when class gets boring, and the case has made my bag much more organized. And organized is a good thing, no?Ok, I just counted what I have in it, to give you an idea of how much it holds. 5 highlighters, 2 chunky pencils, 1 Wite-out pen (so pretty thick), 2 little pencil lead boxes, 1 Sharpie marker, 1 fountain pen, 4 regular capped pens, 6 pencil cap-erasers, and a hair elastic. So 14 writing implements, lead, erasers, and room left over. But I can still put it in my palm and easily close my fingers around it, so it's really not that big. Length-wise, I'd say it's a couple inches longer than my hand (palm to fingertips).For less than $10, you just can't do better.
An old girlfriend of mine bought me the 3.4 oz as a gift. I wore it twice and she told me never to wear it again. I started wearing it again after we broke up, and NEVER received any compliments on it from women. You know this is a telltale sign of a mediocre cologne. Also look at how cheap it is now, and you can tell it's not very popular.
this is one of the best ever records everi was grateful of buying this record
[...] I'll summarize this DVD a little more succinctly this time. This DVD makes outrageous and unsupportable claims about the benefits of the exercises, which appear borderline dangerous to me.[...]Secondly, the exercises involve a lot of violent head whipping and body twisting. The exercises made me feel more like I was going to injure myself than get in shape.In summary, this video is a weird (very weird) montage of violent and bizarre exercises. [...]
In a word - BORING. A total waste of money, viewing time and celluloid.By far the worst vampire movie I've seen. Totally uninteresting, devoid of interest and barely watchable - the acting is such that ham sandwiches could be made from it. The previous review summed up my view re: transfer to DVD.Go elsewhere if you want to experience the genre
I had never made homemade yogurt before, I love yogurt, but had to stop eating it due to lactose intolerance. Now, I make it from lactose free milk. The only thing, I do not like so far, is that it is supposed to make yogurt from soy milk, so far, I have not been able to do that. I am still trying variations though. So, if you like homemade yogurt, or any yogurt, and have a little patience, get this machine, its a great hobby, and very healthy.Rod.
These guys are sick of each other. However they are forced together again for the almighty dollar and have to deal with it the best they can. I laughed when it came out in the theater, and I laughed even more when I watched it again twice. Like the odd couple you can watch the movie multiple times. I think I'll watch it again this weekend.
The unit itself is not bad, I guess. But it comes with Nero software, and I can't remember a time when Nero wasn't a peice of junk. I had hoped Nero had improved their crappy software when I bought this drive. But nope. Nero is just as crappy as always. Even when it says it has verified the written data, half of the files on DVD are marked as ready to be written. This is a major problem. And when you try to update the Nero software, good luck. Their update routine makes you jump through hoops, and if you don't follow the exact sequence, you'll be in trouble. I don't know why Nero has such a hard time making a quality product, but I also dont understand why DVD drive manufacturers cant do a better job themselves.
From the picture and another review, I expected this to be a nice bracelet. First it is not 8 1/2". If you stretched it to its breaking point, it might be 8 1/4" from the tip of the chain to the end of the clasp. The chain itself is less than 8".It might fit nicely on a child's wrist, but on a grown male, it will probably cut off your circulation. The links might be 6mm long, but I doubt they are much more than 2mm wide. When you open the box, you'll be surprised how small this is, especially if you paid $85 for it (or even $60 in a Gold Box deal).I've always been wary of jewelry from Amazon, but this was an absolute disappointment. I'm surprised that anyone could call this tiny chain 'masculine' looking.
What an incredible disappointment. I thought the first was a little better than average (B-) but suffered from a lack of character depth/development, which I've come to expect from Baxter. Still, the premise was intriguing and enough questions were raised that I was looking forward to the second. But this one was so mind numbingly flat that, toward the end, I wasn't so much reading because the story was pulling me along but through sheer force of will. Basically, "I've invested this much time, I'll be damned if it's all for nothing."And the attraction of the moon scientist to his fellow researcher, which appeared suspiciously like an afterthought designed to simulate character depth, went nowhere - so why was it included?In a nutshell, we discover that a race of super beings decided long, long ago, that humans would eventually become an issue and so decide to set in motion a chain of events that would destroy us. To accomplish this, they send a medium sized planet to smash into the Sun circa 0 A.D. This sets up a double hammer stroke that would wipe out humanity roughly 2000 years later - the first blow in the form of super solar flares immediately followed by a particle storm that would ostensibly "clean up" any survivors. The story focuses on the preparation to preserve humanity and ends with a deus ex machina (something I thought extinct in publishing).What I find amazing is how these super advanced aliens - who are capable of flinging a planet that's more than twice the size of Earth across the galaxy to collide with our Sun in order to set up a chain reaction in a complex plot destroy our civilization 2000 years after the fact (deep breath) - don't have the smarts to figure out that a direct hit will do just fine. Amazing.
I'm about to get a thousand unhelpful marks. Sorry if my opinion's different than yours.This is another band that it is an absolute mystery why people would ever like them. The musicianry is mediocre and in no way groundbreaking (heck, it doesn't even sound remotely fresh), and the vocals are rather annoying. Soemthing being able to get stuck in your head DOES NOT make it quality by any means. This isn't much different than bands like Maroon 5, you know the type of music you wonder how ever got as popular as it is; until you realize 90% of popular music is crappy and generic. Switchfoot makes music that will fit the most types of listeners it can without making any of them cringe for any reason (targeted at most teenyboppers I suppose).I don't care if thousands or millions of people love this, I could find 50 more "thought provoking" and "musically layered" bands than Switchfoot. Why? Because there are bands like Showbread, Copeland, Further Seems Forever, Emery, mewithoutYou, Lovedrug, Project 86, and Blindside! Bands that give you beautiful lyrics and beautiful music. You've probably never heard of any of those bands, and oh... I'm sorry, I've gone and forgotten that I was reviewing a pop band.The pop scene is a joke. It is generic and safe. If you like your music to be "generic and safe", then go ahead. Buy the new Switchfoot cd. In short, I'd be embarrased to be caught with this cd. If you're looking for something with quality... avoid this letdown.
Eating what you find in the wild can be a life saver. Learn about plants, not just N. American, but any place in the world that you might be called to serve.
This book have changed lives. It helps you to see the world around you in a totally different light. There are nine insights described in this book and as you understand each one, you will start seeing positive changes in yourself aa well as in your surroundings.From this book you can learn how to find your place in this life, how to follow the guidance provided to us by the Universe, and even how to improve your romantic relationships as well as friendships.To briefly describe the insights:First insight - talks about spiritual awakeningSecond insight - lets us grasp the historical importance of spiritual awakeningThird insignt - talks about EnergyFourth Insight - Power struggle and how humans take each others energy in fight for the powerFifth Insight - Connecting with the divine energySixth Insight - Clearing your past in order to move forwardSeventh Insight - Seeing more clearly how the coincedences happenEight Insight - Uplifting others around youNinth Insight - Staying connected to the divine energy
Since getting into Geocaching, there have been a lot of times when I needed extra support to either bushwack or just trying to remain standing on a hill! This has been a great help!
1 of the VERY best -- &amp; least recognized -- art-rock bands of all-time, Caravan had beautiful musical interplay, gorgeous vocals, &amp; a great sense of humor. Keyboardist David Sinclair provided 1-of-a-kind early-70s organ sounds, &amp; the vocals by guitarist Pye Hastings &amp; bassist Richard Sinclair (&amp; later John Perry) weaved 2gether beautifully. This 2-CD set captures many (but not ALL) of their high-points, &amp; is WELL WORTH the price. In fact, they coulda made it a 4-CD set....5-star-worthy tracks include &quot;Place of My Own,&quot; &quot;And I Wish I was Stoned,&quot; &quot;Aristocracy,&quot; &quot;Golf Girl,&quot; &quot;Nine Feet Underground&quot; (especially the section called &quot;Dissociation&quot;), &quot;The World is Yours,&quot; &quot;The Love in Your Eye,&quot; &quot;Songs and Signs,&quot; &quot;Memory Lain/Hugh/Headloss,&quot; &quot;The Dog, the Dog, He's at it Again,&quot; &quot;Be All Right,&quot; &quot;A Hunting We Shall Go,&quot; the live-concert version of &quot;For Richard,&quot; &amp; &quot;Virgin on the Ridiculous.&quot; Several other tracks R just SLIGHTLY less than perfect, &amp; it all SOUNDS great, of course.(2 bad they left out &quot;The Dabsong Conshirtoe,&quot; &quot;With an Ear to the Ground You Can Make It,&quot; &amp; &quot;Surprise, Surprise,&quot; &amp; U don't really need the original studio version of &quot;For Richard&quot; that's included here, I guess 4 contrast -- it sounds like a blueprint 4 the later live version.)U should also check out Caravan's 1973 album FOR GIRLS WHO GROW PLUMP IN THE NIGHT (worth 4 stars EZ, tho U get more than 1/2 of it in this set), &amp; when the booklet inside this package downplays some of their later work, don't Blieve it -- their 1976 album BLIND DOG AT ST. DUNSTANS is worth 4 stars, 2.Fans of Camel, Happy the Man, Hatfield and the North, Soft Machine, National Health &amp; NE early 70s British strangeness should really Njoy these guys, 2. If U've never heard them, &amp; U Njoy off-the-wall musical brilliance, I can hardly Dscribe what U're missing -- check em out!
Don't even pick the book up if you don't think you can handle reading about this psycho, disgusting, repulsive so-called "dad an husband" who molests his children and abuses his wife. It is pretty graphic and disturbing, but my heart wanted to know the end. I needed to know that everything was going to be okay. If you like crime books then this is for you. Sometimes we need to read about what is going on right down the street from us to get us to open our eyes.
About 4 months ago, I was in the market for a printer to replace my Epson. The Epson was fast, printed good quality documents and pictures, but it was an ink hog and I just couldn't afford new cartridges every month.I wanted a everything- decent print speed, good quality prints, efficiency, something that wouldn't guzzle ink, something simple to use, and something under $150. A friend suggested a Canon, because he bought an S-series Canon for his business and had wonderful things to say about it. I asked another techie friend his opinion and he said to go with a Canon, too.Seeing as how the I-series is basically a newer, upgraded S-series, I went with the i550. Since then, I've been very pleased with the purchase. Prints are beautiful, and documents printed are wonderful- letters are clear and crisp. I was so pleased with it that I chose to with Canon again when I bought a scanner a month later. I like that this printer also features 4 separate ink tanks, so I don't have to buy a whole new color cartridge when I'm only low on one color.The physical design of the printer is very nice, as well. Some printers look hideous, but it's pretty sleek. I also like how I can close up the printer when I'm not using it. There are flaps you can snap shut to close up the paper feeding area and the output area where the prints come out. I have two cats, so cat hair gets everywhere, and the last place I want it to get into is the printer.It's given me no trouble at all with my Windows XP operating system. I've printed documents galore and many pictures, and I've barely dented the ink. For those who will be printing picture prints, I'd suggest you use Canon's photo paper, as it seems to get the best results.This printer isn't exactly what I'd call silent, but I wasn't expecting something that'd work completely quiet in my price range. It's a trade off I'm more than willing to make for a good machine.I've been very satisfied with this printer. It's sleek, cost efficient, handles various jobs well, doesn't waste ink, and is perfect for the average homeowner and small businesses who just want an inexpensive machine that lives up to its hype.
First off, I saw this film on the SciFi channel, so I didn't get any of the 'R-rated' aspects. I can't imagine that they save this film though.The CGI is not believable, the attacks rather pedestrian, and the acting terrible. Normally I like John Schneider a lot, but the writing and direction was so bad that he didn't have a chance to salvage this flick.The worst part was the way the characters reacted to the attacks of friends. There was a brief moment of shock, and then next thing they're acting like nothing had happened.
Unless there's some significance to Chuck Noland being stranded for 4 years, why was it necessary to display the graphic stating the amount of time that passed? Whether it's 2 years, 4 years or 10 years, you can tell by looking at the character that a lengthy period has elapsed.Actually, considering how our society needs it's information simplified and spoon-fed, I should be happy it wasn't worse. There could have been an off screen narrator.&quot;Now children, Mr. Noland has been on the island a LOOOOOOONG time and has grown very skinny.&quot;The audience should be trusted to reach some conclusions on their own.
The one I ordered works, but the plastic nub in the rear of the unit I received has a slightly-flawed location. The nub is intended to insert into the ground hole of your recepticle (outlet). My nub is slightly too high, preventing it to be plugged into a top outlet -- because of this nub, it'll only work in the bottom outlet. I see little reason for this plastic protruding nub to exist in the first place...
Expensive for something that can't record radio broadcasts.Too bad Apple didn't engineer this to do timed recordings of radio broadcasts like the Griffin Radio Shark USB computer tuner.
David Ray Griffin's "The New Pearl Harbor" is a great starting point for people new to the 9/11-truth movement. Unfortunately, the phantasmagoria introduced in this book is unequivocal. No one wants to believe that the U.S. government would commit such heinous acts on 9/11, but Griffin makes a convincing argument that rogue elements in our government could have orchestrated, or at least been complicit with terrorist elements before, during, and after the 9/11 attacks.Griffin cites many sources for his analysis and he invokes many questions. This book puts hundreds of holes in the official story, leaving no stone unturned.I strongly suggest after reading this book that you do more research on the subject because many other scenarios or elucidations have come about since this book was published.Here's a short list of smoking guns that were discussed in the book.1: NORAD standing down, where was the military when the attacks took place?2: The U.S.A. Patriot Act was released 45 days after the events on 9/11. The government was working on this document to rescind our constitutional freedoms all along.3: 7 of the19 hijackers are still alive.4: Hundreds of put-options were placed on United and American airlines days before the events on 9/11.5: No plane hit The World Trade Center Building 7, and yet it collapsed.6: The Pentagon was hit, but not by Flight 77.7: Flight 93 didn't crash in Shanksville PA.I could list over six hundred smoking guns, but then if I did that, why read the book. This is one of the most important books ever written. You owe it to yourself and to your country to read it because American civilization is at stake.9/11 was an inside job!!!!
"Superstitous ritual can be studied objectively like any other human behaviour, and archaeology can make a major contribution towards its investigation..." (page 184)This is a really wonderful book. Now, it is a Serious Academoc Text, but Merrifeld writes so well that one doesn't feel as if one is really reading a Serious Academic Text, more of a fun, exploration of the physical remains of ritual events that survive in the archaeological record. It says much about the mental perspectives of an ancient people by looking at how they sought to manipulate the physical and social envrionment by the application of magical thinking.And there seems to be a lot of peeing into jars...
I'm a sculptor, very interested in capturing expression, and have been looking for a good book of facial expressions for some time. I saw the title, ordered the book and was extremely disappointed when it arrived; the last thing I wanted was someone else's interpretations of facial muscles. I needed photographs of the real thing, so I set the book aside, intending to send it back.Then I took a class with a very well-known portrait sculptor, and was surprised to hear him recommend this same book. "But it only has pencil sketches!" I protested, "Shouldn't we use pictures of real people?""Forget photographs. You need to actually read the book. Have you?" he asked, "You must READ it, every page. This is the best facial reference for the sculptor that I have ever found."I followed his advice, and he's right. Faigin is an extremely talented sketch artist and his drawings will teach you a lot, but the accompanying text is really what makes this book work. He's carefully catalogued what each of the muscle groups in the face is doing throughout the expression of an emotion, and the sketches simply show what he's talking about. The text explains WHY we recognize certain muscle positions as a particular expression, and helps us understand the relationships of muscles, tissue and skin when the face moves.Faigin starts with how facial muscles portray key emotions, then moves to comparisons of different muscle groups in subtler positions. For sculptors, it probably helps to have a 3D model of the facial muscles (in addition to a mirror) handy while reading this book. But it's such a rich store of information that you'll learn plenty without them.
For the asking price, we really expected better quality overall. My child enjoyed coloring the pages, but the plastic and paper are so cheap that it was really hard to rip the sheets cleanly. It was also very difficult to feed the paper through and the roll of paper was hard to pull out. On top of that, the markers and crayons are definitely of substandard quality. Stick with a coloring book. It'll be less frustrating for both you and your child.
Disappointing... it started making odd noises after maybe 3 or 4 months, then seemed to gradually cool less, then stopped working. Warranty is only 90 days. Bummed.
After being dissapointed with Neverwinter Nights, I hestitated to buy another Bioware game, but my sons persuaded me. We tried, we really tried, to play this game. It looked good and started out okay, but quickly got very, very boring. Basically, you just run around, up and down the same corridors.After an initial frenzy of play, all three of us just slowly stopped playing it. After a few weeks, I did a quick poll and then uninstalled and sold it.(During the game, you are supposed to earn light or dark points. By the time I stopped playing, I realized I was still exactly neutral. My oldest son, who was trying to get on the dark side, ended up going toward the light side.)
I expect more songs, but got many that I have heard before on this short CD. Buy one of her other excellent CDs' before this one.
If you've read the other reviews of this book, you already know that Martin Blom was &quot;insulted&quot; by a gunshot wound, leaving him blind by day but able to see nocturnally. This book is dark (pun intended) yet fun and witty. Very unreal but very real at the same time. Rupert Thomson is a masterful writer. He creates fascinating (albeit strange) characters more bizarre than you've read about before. The story twists and turns and ends up where you wouldn't expect it to (which I loved). He writes in a style that's easy to read and creates strong visuals of people and places and emotions. (I'm rather surprised by the other reviews that didn't like his character development or his writing style). It's erotic, eerie, off-beat and a really good read. Very cool- I'll be recommending it to my friends who like the unusual.
I made the mistake to buy these crackers once and will never buy them again. I agree with another reviewer. These crackers are NOT whole wheat. They also contain "ENRICHED" flour.
I've read Video Night In Kathmandu and enjoyed it thoroughly. Pico Iyer is the poet of travel literature. With an admirable way with words, Iyer is indeed a writer like no other.This collection is simply not as impressive. Some of the stories are so weak in content that I wonder if someone else wrote them. Even though Iyer's observations are sharp and his prose is a pleasure to read, it is obvious that some of the locations were not even thoroughly researched or explored. At the end of the day, the reader gets an earful of what went on in Pico Iyer's mind, with only an inkling of what happened around him.I bought this book specifically to read about his conversations with the Dalai Lama and his insights on the issue of Tibet. Even though there is some "balance" in his views, I still find his interview to be lacking in substance. Typical of run-of-the-mill articles by Western writers, there's hardly any attempt to see things from the level of common Tibetans - the non-activists.This book would be an excellent gift for the armchair reader who appreciates colourful prose and musings, but there is really very little information that will be useful to the explorer or reader who wants a bit more factual depth.
The Betsy was somewhat slow-moving and boring. Laurence Olivier, such a consumate actor was wasted as the patriarch of the family. There was no action and no real surprises.
An excellent book that covers the basics and important aspects of portrait photography. The book is broken into 5 sections; equipment, poses, studio lighting, creative lighting and shooting on location. Each sections includes topics that are covered in two to four pages - more than 45 key topics in total. The book is a broad overview with many tips and important aspects. If you are looking for detailed, technical information, or an American English grammar book, look elsewhere.
I just finished watching the entire series from beginning to end. It took me about a month, I got the box set. I hadn't seen the show sense the series ended back in 2002. I orginally gave the show a 5 stars but after watching it from the beginning to the end after all this time I gave it a 4. I was going to give it a 3, but the last two episodes were just great so I bumped it back up. Now onto the reviewX-Files, a show that lasted a few seasons to long but still ended on a high note.X-Files was a unique show when it first came on back in 1993, I'd never seen anything like it. Capturing my imagination about aliens, monsters, and the like. The characters were great. I'd break down the series into four chapters.X-Files seasons 1-2: The beginning we see Mulder and Scully for the first time and are introduced to many other like the THE LONE GUNMEN, CSM, Skinner and others.X-Files seasons 3-5: The relationship between Mulder and Scully crows even more with Scully's cancer. We go deeper into the alien conspiracy and into other characters lives and characters die like X. The stories are great and are leading to a climax.X-Files seasons 6-7+movie movie: At the end of season 7 is when the show should have ended. David Duchovny was leaving the show. The characters of Mulder and Scully had reached a point where they loved each other even if they didn't say it. The stories were reaching conclusions, we learned what happened to Mulder's sister, the group behind the conspiracy were all but dead. In my opinion the show had reached it's climax. There wasn't anything new to add. This is when the show was a 4 or a 5 stars.X-Files seasons 8-9: The show goes way down hill here. First Mulder is gone, then we get Scully's miracle baby. I mean come on, that was defiantly a desperate attempt to keep the show going for another two years. The addition of John Doggett played by Robert Patrick, and I like the actor he just didn't fit in well with the show. The stories began to go way down hill unless they focused directly on Mulder and Scully's relationship, everything else sucked. The only thing that saved the show from getting a 3 or even a 2 was the series finale two episodes. They were just great, you could tell the actors were moved by it coming to the end. Ultimately the show wasn't a classic or great but very good and I would recommend everyone to watch the series.
This is a very creative approach to the plug adapter problem. A single universal female outlet comes with 6 slide-in male prong sets. The prongs are stored stuck through a piece of flexible foam that is rolled up inside the case shown, another clever design. Once mated there is a small latch to lock the prongs in place which makes it as sturdy as a one piece unit. The end result is much smaller and less unwieldy than the Kensington 33117 and other all-in-one adapters that seem to be popular. The outlet is snug but does not require unusual force. It holds the plugs in unlike some adapters where there is a lot of play. SAFETY ALERT: The loose prong sets must be kept away from children because if they are inserted into a live outlet there will be exposed live contacts. If you do not need to convert a foreign plug to US type, I would recommend breaking and tossing the US prongs.
A Fine Frenzy is one of the best things to happen to music in a long time. She manages a sound that is as wondrous as nature itself. It's like she took a bit of Sigur Ros's sound and mixed it in with a Sarah McLachlan sound, and added her own ingredients before mixing. Her voice also is clear and powerful. Basically, all the songs will take hold and keep you in a state of bliss. 5 stars!
Little Mary Ann and her family are poor and live inMulhattan's Hall. With strong, child-like belief in thepowers of her beloved Da and the Catholic Holy Family,however, the child herself lifts the family out of poverty.She accomplishes this by bullying and charming rich,powerful Mr. Lord, into giving her occasionally-alcoholicfather a farm job which should keep him off the booze.This a a strong novel about families. In view of recentbooks describing family systems, Mary Ann is the youngStar of the family, her loyal, strong personality overshadowsher brother Michael. Her brother takes after their quietermother Lizzie, a rational woman who has fallen in lovewith a sometimes irrational man. He loves his wife andfamily but Mike just can't give up the booze whenever hisself-esteem takes a blow, or if things aren't going well.Keen Mary Ann senses this, and time and again protectsand now we would say enables her drunk father. She won'teven say the word drunk, her Da gets "sick" occasionally.Lizzie the mother and Michael the brother can't handleMike's drinking, but Mary Ann, so like her father, knowsjust how to deal with his episodes, no matter how harshor embarrassing Mike becomes.Parish priest Father Owen, knows all about these familyissues from young Mary Ann's Confessions, she poignantlybelieves that the priest in the confessional is tempararilyblinded and can't know who he's talking to. This freesup the priest to be Mary Ann's shoulder to cry on. Mary Annalso gains comfort from kind-hearted neighbor Fanny McBride,her father's only champion.A sometimes heartbreaking look at father/daughter love, andthe first gem in the shining Shaughnessy series.
Robe arrived in less than a week. Packaged VERY nice-perfect for a gift. Robe is BIG AND ROOMY like it is supposed to be and well over my knees and I am 5'7" tall. (These robes are supposed to be big and roomy for they are spa robes. ) It arrived today and I have it on now-YOU WILL LOVE THIS ROBE. Always wash in COLD water and NEVER dry in the dryer, unless you want them to shrink. Robe is thick like a spa robe and really pretty, better than what I found in dept. stores. I LOVE IT and you will too, but remember: These robes are supposed to be big and roomy. They are not made to fit tight and close to the body. Short people can enjoy these too, but the length will be longer and the overall size will fit bigger-still nice. YES, I would order again. Price is right for this robe-enjoy for the feel is nice, warm and cozy, plus it appears that it is well made!
I purchased this for my cat who has never worn a collar before.. it is gorgeous! My cat is black and white and the green pops incredible against his fur!!! He didn't attempt to take off the collar. I wouldn't recommend this collar if the cat goes outside since it is not a break-away collar.. but I think it is great for strictly indoor cats! : ) I will definitely purchase more in the future!
For those who have seen the film `Precious' the source novel Push is effectively the same but more intense. Without the averaging effect of movie production, Precious's life is that much more harsh, more horrible.The book is somewhat short, it would probably take about the same time as it would to watch the movie to read the book. There isn't really much to say about the novel, except that it is harrowing insightful and well worth the read.
In &quot;Pictures of Perfection&quot; Reginald Hill gives us both the terrific Daziel/Pascoe mystery we've come to expect and something totally unexpected as well.The village of Enscombe has changed only superficially since the days of Jane Austen whose words just happen to introduce each chapter. One of the residents, Caddy Scudamore, is a talented artist given to painting over much of her crowded canvases. This is done, we are told, not so much to obliterate as to &quot;relegate it to a kind of misty otherworld where it still continued to exert its existence.&quot;Hill, too, offers us one thing - a contemporary mystery - beneath which lie all the sense and sensibilities of Austen. Social dynamics and entailments. Misunderstandings and love matches (at least one of which in its `90s incarnation might take even Jane by surprise!) But most of all, insight and humor and a joyous way with words that can make a reader laugh out loud. Austen could do it and so can Reginald Hill.He leads us into the story through a scenario that we find all too easy to accept and ushers us out again with a reminder that appearances can be deceiving. Jane would have agreed.
The wonderful liner notes on this CD talk about "Very Dionne" being a swan song, her last on Scepter Records. It also talks about there being only 3 new Bachrach/David songs on it. Warwick is quoted as saying one of them, "Check Out Time" did not fit her personality.Yet despite all that, the hodge-podge is incredibly listenable. You get her take on standards as Yesterday, Here's That Rainy Day and We've Only Just Begun. The last 10 cuts were taken from a live performance, some of her greatest hits.I have a couple of personal favorites on this CD, Walk The Way You Talk and Paper Mache.The CD is full of interesting things, typical of the unique style of Bacharach of those days. Listen to the sound of the triangle on the chorus of Paper Mache, the trumpet/flugelhorn on Check Out Time. This is stuff that is NEVER seen in pop music today.What a graceful voice and what incredible talent of the lady. This CD does her justice.
I rarely buy videos. After seeing the movie I bought this one. The characters act like normal, real guys not some pretty boy prima donna actors. Refreshingly politically wrong. You'll belly laugh right out loud. I have to echo another reviewer here. If you have a sense of humor, get this. Otherwise, get a Kevin Costner film.
A Review, spoilers galore.Unfortunately for me, Bertin's DRAGON AND PHOENIX accentuates all the things I disliked about THE LAST DRAGONLORD while diminishing aspects of THE LAST DRAGONLORD I enjoyed thoroughly. I consider THE LAST DRAGONLORD an endearing, an enjoyable reading experience, even for guys. However, I found DRAGON AND PHOENIX a jarring, if not offensive, read. Male characterizations don't get much worse than the ones we find in DRAGON AND PHOENIX.Gone is the romantic characterization of Maurynna Kyrissaean, a girl who dares to dream of loving her lifelong hero in THE LAST DRAGONLORD. However, we can hardly fault Bertin for this since Maurynna lands her hero by the end of THE LAST DRAGONLORD. Gone are the well-crafted humorous and romantic scenes from THE LAST DRAGONLORD, it's down to business in DRAGON AND PHOENIX. Gone is the lighthearted, pleasant tone of the LAST DRAGONLORD. And I wouldn't describe the conspiratorial events in an oriental Jehanglan as politically intriguing. They were drab, inelegant and lumbering, the characters therein entirely uninteresting. Not that THE LAST DRAGONLORD's "political intrigue" in Casna was a masterpiece by any stretch of the imagination, but its political backdrop was certainly a few levels above this novel's.I was disinterested by all the "story arcs" in Jehanglan, even the climax of the story from there when Shei-Luin kills the Emperor was meh. I thought our hero Linden was thoroughly effeminated with a fair amount of estrogen. I've rarely read a weaker, dumber, more sensitive male character than Linden Rathan. I found Rathan (Linden's dragon soul) very interesting from the last book, so full of rage and mirth. We don't see Rathan in DRAGON AND PHOENIX until the very end, and only for a couple paragraphs.Raven's entire behavior from beginning to end was baffling and inexplicable. And I thought it's girls I'd never understand, but I'd pin our young boy Raven's personality and behavior as though of a pregnant woman.If you thought THE LAST DRAGONLORD jumped around between too many characters while adding little, if nothing, to the plot, you'll find DRAGON AND PHOENIX compounds the issue tenfold. I didn't realize it in THE LAST DRAGONLORD, but it's apparent from DRAGON AND PHOENIX that Bertin _really_ likes writing 2,3,4,5-paragraph passages from a wide number of character perspectives. The goal of these passages: accelerate the momentum of the novel, make the novel a page-turner; perhaps these desultory passages _do_ meet that goal, but maybe not the way it was intended.The worldbuilding of Jehanglan? Nonexistent, if not downright callow, so you need only read a sentence or two from a character's dialogue in order to gleam the gist of the passage. But worldbuilding isn't Bertin's strength anyway, THE LAST DRAGONLORD will testify to that. The point is, too many disjoint, amorphous and insubstantial passages from a whole army of character perspectives in Jehanglan paralyze the plot rather than driving it forward.As bad as the male characterizations in THE LAST DRAGONLORD were, they deteriorate to new lows in DRAGON AND PHOENIX. I found the Linden Rathan characterization in DRAGON AND PHOENIX worst of all and very crippling to the entire novel. It's clear that Linden Rathan represents a girl's perfect guy: broad-shouldered, deep voice, big, shoulder-length blond hair and a buttock-length braid signifying his heritage as a Yerrin. He's as dense, as stupid and as dumb as ever, traits clearly carried from the last novel. For all intents and purposes, Linden Rathan is Maurynna's love-sick lapdog. In =every= sentence, Linden includes "Maurynna-love" or "love." Again, big, tall, deep voice, obedient, servile, understanding and an overbearing feminine sensitivity. Oh and let's not forget, a complete halfwit.You may wonder how I find Linden both understanding and dumb at the same time. Well, he's understanding/sensitive about everything having to do with Maurynna while completely dense about any of any plots, until of course the last minute, where enlightenment comes to him all at once in one paragraph! Like Baisha's plot to betray the dragonlords and their companions. Not only a nitwit, once again there's no on-screen evidence of Linden Rathan's so-called skill with the sword.Let's run through these rather appealing traits in Linden Rathan with examples from the book, shall we?At one point in the novel there's three - yes, I kid you not, three - paragraphs on Linden thinking how he can't control Maurynna's life after he hears that she must travel to Jehanglan. He fears for her safety, but our Linden Rathan understands that he can't imprison her either. He drones on and on about it. Since Maurynna can't Change again, Lady of the Dragonskeep orders her to remain at the Dragonskeep lest she'll endanger herself. Maurynna feels jailed and longs for the sea from her life as Captain of the Sea Mist, but the Lady of the Dragonskeep refuses. Unbeknownst to Maurynna, Linden pleads to the Lady almost every day, asking the Lady to allow Maurynna to sail and see her family and friends one last time, with the Lady refusing each time. How considerate of Linden, though, right?! Thanks for playing, Linden, buddy, maybe next time!When Otter comments that truehuman life spans are to dragonlord lifetimes "like moths in a flame," Maurynna recoils, and yes, our compassionate, sensitive Linden Rathan is right there to slip a hand underneath her cloak for comfort. For that matter, whenever Maurynna is emotionally or physically pained, our sensitive hero says and does all the right things like a happy, servile lapdop!This emotional understanding and compassion Linden constantly feels for Maurynna can't be from their soultwin bond since Kyrissaean has shut herself off from that sort of magical connection, right? Must be a one-way street, because Maurynna fails to show the affection, compassion, understanding, and swarming devotion Linden relentlessly exhibits for Maurynna. Even during unromantic, business conversations, Linden abuses the appellations "love" or "Maurynna-love" mercilessly. After Linden suffers a badly bruised shoulder from a Llysathian being hauled up to a ship, Maurynna is pretty much unconcerned.When Raven makes a move for Maurynna alone in the stables, Linden "understands" and lets it go. When Raven uses every opportunity to gloat over Linden on some piece of knowledge or decision, Linden lets all of that go too, respecting Raven's feeling for Maurynna. Wow, Linden is nothing if not the virtue of understanding and sensitivity.When they learn that after arriving in Jehanglan, Maurynna & Raven must venture off alone without Linden, Linden is enraged and fearful for Maurynna beyond belief. He destroys a wine goblet, and walks out of the room. Maurynna soon follows. On the stairwell outside Linden, in the midst of his fury, suddenly remembers his manners, and makes room on the steps for her! I love it! When Linden mentions he hopes she will never come to know how much it hurts for him to agree to this, she calmly answers, "I know," and explains how she had gone through a similar thing during the climax of THE LAST DRAGONLORD because it hurt to feel the danger Linden would be in. Interesting to note that unlike Linden in similar circumstances, there's no coddling or comforting touches on Maurynna's part here, just a patronizing "I know." In true lapdog fashion, Linden shortly thereafter acquiesces. Nice pointless display of anger to no end. So, so, _sooooo_ very understanding of Linden to take it all so well and take it on good faith from the Seer truedragon Morlen that only Maurynna can go into the mountain to free the imprisoned truedragon there.Screw everything else, why not do something because you want to for a change, not because you're supposed from a prophecy and definitely not because someone else wants you to? If you really believe Maurynna will be in danger and you want to help, find a way to make it happen! Linden doesn't show any spirit, any personal volition. A perfect, servile lapdog for Maurynna.In Stormhaven, when you thought it wasn't possible for Linden to play the servile lapdog any better than he already was, guess again. When Maurynna sees her extended family the Erdons for the first, she finds they all behave differently now that she's a dragonlord. Linden is always there for a comforting arm-around-the-waist or some or words of assurance with the obligatory "love" or "Maurynna-love." There's little purpose to Linden's presence here. It's Maurynna who fends off a mean uncle (Darijen) from Raven, it's Maurynna who intercepts Raven's father blow intended for his son with lightning-quick dragonlord speed. But let's not forget Linden is there for a good'ole arms-around-the-waist! Linden goes insofar as to talk to Maurynna's nice uncle (Kesselandt) so he'd address Maurynna as "dear" instead of "Your Grace." Wow, that Linden, he's swell! I think I'll go throw up now....An effeminated Linden pouts insufferably over being separated from Maurynna after it finally happens. More than Maurynna! As though Linden needed more estrogen in his body...The pinnacle of Linden's idiocy comes when something he feels a sneaking suspicion that keeps taunting him regarding something Taren/Baisha said, but he just can't put a finger on it. In this case, Linden is sufficiently pampering Maurynna in their quarters when he's thinking about something Taren and the Dragonkeep archivist (librarian) said earlier. Next thing you know, Linden dreams of ferrets and how they looked like mages herding rabbits. In a =shocking= moment of revelation (gasp!!), it dawns on Linden that Jehanglan has priest mages and they're drawing magic from the imprisoned dragon to ward off would-be attackers. Linden promptly arrives at the Lady's apartment next morning to share his brilliant discovery! The Lady of the Dragonkeep and the other truedragons however already know. Aweee, thanks for playing, Linden, better luck next time, buddy! Uh what was the point of all that, couldn't we just have learned about the Jehanglan priests and their sorcery earlier when the truedragon Morlen and the Lady are talking about it? Why go to such great lengths to make Linden out to be such blockhead?!Linden's ineptitude with sword, magic and dragon continues from THE LAST DRAGONLORD. Linden Rathan is weak beyond belief. We're constantly _told_ how Linden is a remarkable soldier, a formidable mercenary and a great sword, but we simply find no evidence of it in the books. Of course I'm not sure if combat writing is one of Joanne Bertin's fortes.Nobody likes the damsel in distress storyline, and it seems like these dragonlord books goes to great lengths to make the damsel's slippers fit Linden's feet. Our young, headstrong heroine - Maurynna - scoffs at the notion of being saved from anything.Towards the beginning, Morlen the truedragon attempts to mindspeak Kyrissaean, Maurynna's dragon self. When that doesn't go well, Morlen calls to Linden to come quickly for help for his soultwin looks to be in danger. Linden jumps out of the window from a cliff, and then all the characters judiciously note how trying to Change while in motion is dangerous. For over a page, the person really in danger becomes Linden as he struggles beyond comprehension to Change and take flight away from the cliff. Linden expends an exorbitant amount of energy and effort to Change but he finally manages. Then he unfortunately scratches his wing against the cliff bleeding all over. When he arrives at the meadow where 5 truedragons and Maurynna are, the danger to Maurynna has already passed and now Maurynna must save Linden. Maurynna screams for Linden to not attack, he has no chance against that many truedragons, one truedragon is a more than a match for a dragonlord. Linden though finally Changes back to human form and Maurynna rushes to him, saving our Captain Genius yet again. Linden once again has accomplished =nothing= . Thanks for playing though Linden, please try again!Maurynna is able to sense well in advance when something is about to go badly for Linden. Linden cannot do that for Maurynna and instead usually ends up getting himself into trouble.After it's decided that Raven will travel with Maurynna alone to the mountain in Jehanglan, Linden teaches both Raven and Maurynna how to fight. Conveniently, we find no actual scenes of Linden proficiently using the sword or teaching someone else with it.At one point, Raven - a truehuman - is capable to sneak up on Linden and his heightened dragonlord senses without a single problem with a sword intent to kill. Linden calmly explains how everything will be alright, relaying a story from his childhood when Linden wanted to kill his father but didn't. Sooo understanding, sooo inept to let Raven walk up to him like that. It appears the goal here is to use Linden's incompetence to begin softening Raven so Raven won't betray Linden & Maurynna later on.The other male characters are stalkers/nothing-is-wrong friends (Raven), or villains (Taren, Jhanun, Haoro) or obedient, stupid lapdogs similar to Linden (Xiane, Yesuin, Lleld's soultwin Jekkanadar). Among these, Raven's characterization especially makes no sense. He's hot/cold, angry/warm, friend/foe like a pregnant woman. In the beginning, he's very antagonistic towards Linden and makes a move on Maurynna. When Maurynna throws him away, Raven is cold with anger. Next thing we know, all 3 are together, learning languages and sword like nothing ever happened. He's pleasantly calling Maurynna "beanpole" after storming away when Maurynna puts her foot down that he can't accompany her to the Iron Temple for what she must do ("Dragonlord's orders"). At the very end of the novel, Linden, Raven and Maurynna are joking like old friends like nothing ever happened. Uh, okayyyyy, I must of have missed something.In DRAGON AND PHOENIX, even Maurynna's characterization dulls considerably from the last novel. She just isn't fun to fun to read anymore, she's brooding about going back to sea or how she can't Change again or how she's a pretty weak and insignificant dragonlord since she can't Change. This sulking over one's insignificance ("I'm the least of the dragonlords") is a common ruse employed by a lot authors to make a character feel insubstantial when it's glaringly obvious they're the key to the entire plot and will perform a powerful act during the climax, when it counts the most.Maurynna didn't know anything about the political plots in THE LAST DRAGONLORD, and she was a fledgling then. Yet, after her first Change she manages to save Linden by torching a dragauth _and_ kill the primary antagonist in that novel, a powerful mage.With DRAGON AND PHOENIX, simply rinse and repeat this formula. Although she doesn't save Linden per say in this novel, she does finally manage to Change during the climax and heal Linden at the end.Lleld is insanely annoying. I don't think there's a single redeeming quality about Lady Mayhem.The Story, a quick summary.With a billion character arcs from Jehanglan, none of them end satisfactorily, and I didn't even care about any of'em.Basically there's a prophecy. Companions must travel to a faraway, unknown land (Jehanglan), where One Who Holds the Key (Maurynna) must separate from the others. The One Who Holds the Key is our typical, underrated character and she must travel to the depths of a Mountain in enemy territory where only she can perform a task. While the One awaits certain death from her enemies wading across the stream, there's a magic flood which wipes out her enemies ultimately saveing the One. There's someone within the companionship who will betray them.Any of this sound familiar?Unlike LORD OF THE RINGS however, one of the groups split up from the One has nothing to do until the One completes her task in the Mountain.Overall, a very unsatisfying reading experience, even torturous at times.
I'm a comparative religious studies major with an emphasis on Islam and Judaism, and read Mr. Lewis's "The Middle East: A brief history of the last 2000 years" 3 years ago (I'm writing the title by memory, I don't have the book with me on vacation so my appologies if the title is off). I've had 7 different professors regarding Islam, Judaism, or Middle Eastern Politics, and all of them have recommended Mr. Lewis's works as good starting points for any sort of research or for refreshing my studies or such, and I'd have to agree.This book, though it's a little tedious at points, makes the clear distictions between Modernity and Westernization, and in most of the examples and pieces of history he cites he explains how they relate to modernity or westernization. He also divides the book into several different chapters that help to disect the most meaty points of Modernity and the ME, including Military changes and trends before and after Europes rise as a power (chapter 1), social and cultural issues (chapter 3) and, my personal favorite, secularism and civil society (chapter 5).I could go on and on about this book, please suffice it to say that the author does an excellent job at researching the information, citing relavent examples, and clearly explaining his thoughts and the histories and connections of and between each of the examples.If you want a better appriciation for what's happeing in the Middle East and between most western and Middle Eastern governments, this book will really help to introduce you to it.
In a word, "WOW!" This is a great, lively mid-period Numan album; my favorite from the Numa 80s. It starts out with one of his best tracks, "Call Out The Dogs," replete with Bladerunner samples and a great arrangement. Numan has shifted to PPG Wave synth here and the punchy sound he favors is a million miles away from the Polymoog sound that made his name or the dissolute, slurred funk he then moved on to. "This Disease" features a killer Dick Morrissey sax break over a relentless rhythm bed."Your Fascination" features -gasp- an outside producer - Colin Thurston of Bowie/Duran/Magazine fame but you'd be hard pressed to notice much sonic difference. I'd always wanted to hear Numan with an outside producer (he's produced virtually all of his recordings himself and the insularity gets a little much sometimes) and on this rare foray it really didn't seem to matter.The thunderous percussive sampled sounds of "The Pleasure Skin" are a delight to hear. Like on the previous album, this is Numan with femme backing vox - you have been warned. But I had no problem with the format as of this outing. Your mileage may vary. "God Only Knows" is NOT the Brian Wilson classic, in case you were wondering. Instead it's a great ballad to end the album proper with. This album is a well-balanced outing for Numan which plays to emerging strengths - composition and arrangement, primarily. The petty lyrics of the Beggars Banquet years seem to have been truly been left behind at this point. And I -liked- the female vocals by Tessa Niles. There came a time when it was time to move on but this wasn't it.
Jerry Goldsmith has touched me once again with his musical genius. He's a true master of melody. His versatility continues to amaze me.
Very easy to see flags. I use these to mark my sprinkler heads when doing any kind of yard work.
China Mieville's third novel, "The Scar," is an excellent book on many counts. I devoured it in a few nights of reading and found myself enthralled by Mieville's writing.The plot of The Scar follows the misadventures of one Bellis Coldwine, whom observant readers will remember from Perdido Street Station, Mieville's previous novel, as The Scar is set in the same world as PSS. Bellis, fleeing the events of PSS, is shanghaied by pirates of the floating city-state of Armada very soon into her exile, and The Scar chronicles her attempts to live in Armada without becoming a citizen of it, as well as her attempts to escape the city (which no one has done) and return to her beloved New Crobuzon. Along the way, Mieville goes through enough plots and subplots for an entire series, were he a lesser writer.No one is better than Mieville at developing a wierd and wonderful, distinctive world, and The Scar is even better than Perdido Street Station on this account: New Crobuzon owes rather a lot to Dickens' London, while Armada is a city entirely Mieville's own. Having read both books, I was particularly interested in reading Armada as a critique and a reaction to New Crobuzon, that proto-fascist democracy. Among other things, it soon becomes clear that Armada's democracy is in reality a tyranny governed by the Lovers, a pair of twisted humans who symbol their passions by carving identical marks in each other's flesh.It's fascinating to read Mieville's books as much for the concepts he develops as for those he lets fall by the wayside, which some readers may very well find annoying; this book is not the most tightly plotted opus on the shelf, but in Mieville's hands this is a bonus and not a fault. Another thing that may pique people is Mieville's love of obscure words, neologisms and outright coinages. A dictionary or a good classical background always helps, though confusion may slow some people down.Mieville's characters are fascinating as well: from human to xenian their humanity is not in question, though their motivations and morals always are. Again, The Scar improves over PSS by having far more engrossing characters. In particular, Bellis, the main character, is perfectly realistic in that she is infuriating. Though she considers herself informed, smart, and cultured, Bellis blunders through the events of her life and finds herself used, abused and misinformed, and she seems only a little wiser at the end than she was at the beginning. Although the title of the book refers to a place, it also refers to the geographies of the mind and the soul, of the body and of the heart, and despite the fact that Bellis fares no worse than most, and somewhat better than many, of the characters in navigating her own personal journey, the most disturbing facet of Mieville's novel may be his suggestion that some people are unable to chart their own courses based on anything but their pasts.All in all, The Scar improves on Perdido Street Station in many ways (Mieville even manages to tone down the socio-anthropological cant in this tome), leaving me eagerly anticipating Iron Council, his newest novel.
This card gives you access to the greatest online gaming community in history. You get to access every faction of the online community. The connections are quick and the interface is always updated to keep streamlined.I payed a good price on Amazon and free shipping. It was one fo the best buys that I could buy. Halo 2, Ghost Recon, Madden 07, Downloads for Dead Rising, online streaming of Oblivion. It applies to every game and facing real humans online gives you that extra experience that the computer can't give you.If you own a XBOX 360 this is a must buy!
Yeah, the suction cup is worthless, the LCD is dim but the biggest problem is that the readout is constantly 10-12 degrees higher than the actual temperature. I guess that is what you get for $7.00.
What went wrong with this film?As a sci-fi fan, I eagerly anticipated the release of this film earlier in the year.The VERY well done trailer made this film look like it was going to be awesome.But, to me, it was, sadly, a missed opportunity on the part of the filmmakers.What stands out to me, as a sci fi fan....1. Aliens were not interesting looking, well thought out, and were just overall nonsensical in their design2. Aliens looked awkward when walking around...(like walking tadpoles)...but even this was presented in a sort of "after the thought", laughable type of way3. No sense of awe, wonder, or mystery about the aliens on the part of the script or the actors...., the movie just starts "showing them"4. Aliens did nothing much that was "alien" in terms of their behavior, customs, or movements when invading...they looked very much like earth soldiers in the way they walked, shot their weapons, etc5. In fact, the "Alien" weapons were VERY MUCH "Earthlike".....the aliens, from space, used.....guided missiles launched from some walking machine....why would we suppose/assume that an alien race from space would use very much "US Army" style guided missiles as weapons...something extremely earth-like...seemed like a lack of creative juices going on with this one?SIMILAR- Alien guns, even though shooting lasers, were once again too "earth-like"...their weapons, from another galaxy across space, still fire with the same rhythm as an earth military gun "uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh"...no odd, foreign weapons, no weird organisms being spit at people as weapons, etc...guided missiles and what basically would count as a type of automatic weapon6. The marines not wondering where these things are from, what they want here, how their technology works, none of this matters to the people...NO sense of wonder, awe, or questioning at all7. The one Marine's worst line in the film....."I wonder if they're just like us...just grunts, takin' orders..." most embarrassingly funny line of the movie8. All we DO hear over and over are speeches about the Marines, Marines never quit, Marines never die, Be my brave little Marine, .....would the Marines really still continue to care about being marines if there was about to be no more EARTH???9. Wouldn't it have been more interesting to see if there was a faction of marines that just took off and starting using their skills in a sort of every man for himself mode? Vigillantes, etc? Something to signify that the normal structure of "the Marines", the "United States Government", etc etc was not going to be intact when Aliens invade the earth...Maybe this would have introduced an actual CONCEPT to the film, some sort of SUBTEXT about how society might hold it's traditions together in times when society itself may be about to end...who sticks with the Marines and who takes off on their own, as a survivalist? Would have added SOME KIND of food for thought in this film10. Aliens were too easy to figure out. Just blow up their control tower and you got them. Not well thought out...not hard enough for the Marines to figure out...this was just suddenly dropped as a "fact" from Michelle Rodriguez character...no set up to reveal the discovery of the control tower, no previous scenes in the film where the Marines are trying to figure out the mystery of where the control tower is, etc...Basically , no SETUP at all, just a sudden left turn in the plot from a line from Michelle....hmmmmm.11. The only good scene in the film took place in the laundry room of an apartment complex...THAT was cool...THAT was the only scene that mixed the everyday/mundane local L.A. environment with an alien from space...THAT was what we came to see when we bought our tickets, and you, the filmmakers, gave us like 2 minutes of it......and (what seemed like) 100 hours of "Brave Marines" music, "Brave Marines" speeches, and unrealistic scenarios, shaky camera, and explosions12. Once again, lack of "mysteriousness" of the aliens...the earth characters were so uninteresting that I actually wanted to learn more about the aliens, but the movie didn't seem to care about the things I cared about...the movie ignored them, and that was very frustrating13. The CGI was cheaply done and seemed rushed, so this fact was just seemingly glossed over by making fake "heat waves" to cover the aliens look during man scenes, so we couldn't really see them14. Bad script15. Bad acting16. Annoying music that didn't change no matter what was happening on screen, no change from "brave music" to "suspenseful music" to any other kind of music...just the same 5 minutes of orchestral theme playing (seemingly) over and over in a 2 hour loop17. Continuous lack of suspense...just action without suspense18. WASTE of Michelle Rodriguez and especially EMBARASSINGLY BAD SCRIPT and EMBARASSING treatment of Aaron Eckhardt's acting skills19. Long, long, LONG speeches from Aaron Eckhardt about how he memorized the name, rank, and serial number of the brother of the soldier that died under his command...WHY IS THIS USED AS CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT??? WHY is "REALISM" and "CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT" in these types of films decided to be depicted by HAVING PEOPLE IGNORE THE FANTASTIC AND UNBELIEVABLE FACT THAT ALIENS FROM SPACE ARE INVADING THE EARTH AND INSTEAD STILL SQUABBLING over things that happened last year....the one Marine, instead of spending any time pondering anything, just spends the movie mad at the Sgt for the fact his brother died under that Sgt's command. We as the aidience are not guiven a reason to CARE about the brother, because we never even got to KNOW the brother in the film. We came to this film to see Sci-Fi. We didnt get it.This film was, to me, the most disappointing film of 2011.It was an EXTREME case of a missed opportunity, in my humble opinion.
Elaine Paige has been present in the in the world of the modern musical theatre for almost 30 years. During that time she has also made numerous solo albums. Although we had an opportunity to hear some of the songs from the musicals she starred in over the years, in 1995, when she released her "Encore" album, only with this 2-CD deluxe compilation can we get the proper insight into Elaine's fascinating career. But before I give you my impressions of this CD, a few words have to be said about Ms. Paige's achievements.After her training in Aida Foster Stage School in London, she started performing in the musical theatre with small roles. In 1971 she appeared in the musical "Maybe That's Your Problem" (by Walter Scharf, Lionel Chetwynd, and Don Black). By this time she had already had a small part in the London production of "Hair"and went on to appear in "Jesus Christ Superstar" (1973, Andrew Lloyd Webber) before landing her first leading role, as Sandy in "Grease" (1973, John Farrar, Bill Oakes, Louis St Louis). After appearing in "Billy" (1974, John Barry) she attempted, with less success, to pursue a straight acting career. Her big breakthrough came in 1978, when she was chosen to play the lead in Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice's "Evita". The show was an instant success and Elaine became a star overnight. For her wonderful performance as Eva Peron she won several awards (Society of West End Theatre Award for Best Actress in a Musical and the Variety Club Award for Showbusiness Personality of the Year). In 1981 Elaine stared in the original London production of Lloyd Webber's "Cats" as Grizabella, coming in as a last-minute replacement for the injured Judi Dench, and thus being the first person to perform the classical song "Memory". Ms Paige has revisited this role in the television film and video of "Cats" which was released in 1998 and went straight to the top of the video charts becoming the best selling music video ever in the UK and America. In 1983 Elaine starred as Carabosse in the London production of "Abbacadabra" written by Abba's Bjorn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson and she sang their work on stage for a second time in the original production of "Chess" (Prince Edward Theatre, London), when they collaborated with Tim Rice in 1986. Her single from the show's score "I Know Him So Well", a duet with Barbara Dickson, held the number one position in the British charts for four weeks, and still remains the biggest selling record by a female duo in the Guinness Book of Records. In 1989 Ms Paige starred in and co-produced the smash hit Lincoln Centre, NY production of "Anything Goes" in London's West End directed by Jerry Zaks and for this she was nominated for an Olivier Award for Outstanding Performance of the Year by an Actress in a Musical. In 1993 she received critical acclaim for her performance as Edith Piaf in the musical play by Pam Gems entitled "Piaf" which also led to a nomination for an Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Musical and an album of Piaf songs. In 1996 Ms Paige made her Broadway debut in the role of Norma Desmond in Lloyd Webber's "Sunset Boulevard" at the Minskoff Theatre. She joined the company following her outstanding performance as Norma in London which gained critical acclaim, the Variety Club of Great Britain Award for Best Actress of the Year and a nomination for an Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Musical. From 2000-2001 she appeared in Rogers and Hammerstein's "The King and I", and lastly, in 2004, as Mrs. Lovett in Sondheim's "Sweeney Todd" in New York, to much critical acclaim. During all that time she recorded more than 10 solo albums. In 1995 Ms Paige was awarded the Order of the British Empire by Her Majesty the Queen for services to musical theatre.As you can see, it has been a rich and colourful career for Elaine. This compilation captures most of it. We can hear not only her biggest successes from the roles she played in the musicals, but also we witness her best songs taken from her many solo albums, plus two new songs and previously unreleased live performances. Here are some of my personal favourites:1. "Something in red" is a new track. Wonderfully made, especially the use of saxophone. Elaine's voice is the best in the last part of it, when she gives all its strength into the song.2. "Memory" from "Cats": this is THE DEFINITE version, from the 1998 movie version. Elaine's voice has matured since the 1981 original cast recording and it shows. Also, this version has the biggest (80-piece) orchestra. Exceptional.3. "I know him so well" from "Chess" is beautiful both in music and lyrics. Elaine and Barbara Dickson's voice blend perfectly and Tim Rice's lyrics about a woman's re-examination of her relationship will move you.4. "Miss you nights" and "Let it be" are Elaine's duets with Cliff Richard, recorded live. Wonderful orchestrations and their voices together feel very warm.5. From "Piaf" there are 6 songs, which Elaine delivers in the perfect French. In no other songs is her voice so strong, especially in "Mon dieu". She must have been brilliant in this role.6. "Change the world" and "From the heart" are nice pop pieces from Elaine's albums; I like them especially because of their back vocals and the guitar use.7. "Cry me a river" is a unique live performance here. Elaine vocal pirouettes send shivers down your spine and the orchestral lead takes a beautiful melody in the half of this song.8. From "Evita" come "Don't cry for me Argentina" and "Another suitcase in another hall". I like all the three ladies (without Madonna, who is ok for me only in Evita) who recorded "Don't cry for me Argentina" and sung the whole score: Julie Covington, Elaine and Patti LuPone, because every one of them brought something new to this part. Elaine's rendition here is the strictest of the three; only at the beginning is her voice gentle. "Another suitcase in another hall" has a completely different orchestration here and I like the original better.9. Even though Elaine didn't appear in "Les miserables" she recorded two songs from that musical: "I dreamed a dream" and "On my own". They show how wonderful Fantine or Eponine would she be.10. "Somebody makes me laugh" is a favourite because of the lovely refrain and the strong back vocals.11. "Sunset Boulevard" is represented by "With one look", "As if we never said goodbye" and "The perfect year". Elaine is not my most favourite Norma Desmond; I consider Patti LuPone to be vocally the fittest and with the right amount of passion, but Elaine's interpretation is also fine, especially when compared to the awful performance Glenn Close gave on the 1994 LA cast recording of this musical.12. "Alfie" is a short and pretty little song from to me unknown movie of the same title. Elaine at her gentle voice.13. And finally, "Kind to animals" is one of the new songs Elaine made in 2004. It's a very modern form of pop with another awesome use of saxophone. It just proves that Elaine is perfectly adjusting to the new trends in music.You have to remember that there are totally 38 songs on the 2 CDs, so there are plenty more wonderful pieces besides the ones I mentioned above. I must point out the excellent sound quality here: the CDs have been digitally remastered and the sound is crystal clear, even more so, if you compare the quality of the same songs here and on the "Encore" album. The CD has a very nice jacket package and it comes with the appropriate booklet. The latter contains Elaine's new photographs and a promotional text about her career in the musicals, backed up with Elaine's comments.All things considered, this CD is for all Elaine's fans who want to have the very best from her long achievements in the musical theatre and her solo recordings. Apart from the good songs, it is also a well made edition. Buy it as a proof of your own good taste.
the large number of 5 star reviews for this piece of flotsamexplains alot about what's wrong with this country.it explains why george w is president; it explains why areschool system is like 9th in the world; but what it really explains is the large number of morons who inhabit this country.all of you who gave this waste of cd space a favorable reviewall worship at the temple of stupidity. you think "americanidol" is classic television; you think nascar drivers are geniuses because they know that a straight line isn't the shortest distance between two points; you think books are for leveling a couch or a table, or for burning.i'm by no means a genius, but i'm smart enough to know thattoby keith, or as bill mahar refers to him, koby teeth,is a talentless redneck,which is redundant. in a smarter world mr. teeth would be cleaning out septic tanks.btw, amazon, you must allow for a zero star rating; i feel dishonestgiving this 1 star.
Since when is Mara Denise Richards?The artwork was inconsistent and crummy, and the dialogue was like a forced sitcom comedy. The whole being toasted by the galaxy thing was stupid. Like that would happen. The real Jedi Order would be aghast, since to them serving the force wasn't a five ring celebrity circus. Like Entertainment Tonight on steroids. CHEESY.Han and Leia deserved this comic series to be about them, instead of half a page in a book that was told from Luke's perspective. Of course, since Star Wars has turning into the Life and Times of Mara, instead of the Skywalker/Solos, what should I expect? Miracles?
I tried really hard. I read past half the book and I tried, but no it did not catch my interest. I kept thinking it was going to get better, that i was getting to the good part, but no. I wanted to know more about the women in the story. I hung in there just to find out, but nothing. It is the book reviews of book reviews and I wasn't even getting college credits. NO entertainment. Acctually if a professor made her class read this she would most probably want them to hate reading. It was given to me by a friend and I told her how I felt and she felt the same! Don't do it!
I wish that I would of read the other reviews about this blu-ray. I tried it in two different Blu-ray players and it would not work. I tried it connected to the internet and by itself. It did finally work in my computer blu-ray player but their extra "live" stuff did not function properly and caused it to be unviewable. Do not buy the BluRay version of this movie.
I grew up with Vinyl and all its wonders and defects. I have my 1967 stereo LP. This Mono pressing is just first class. It is just beautiful listening. The groove is quiet, much less rumble and an incredible smooth full range sound fidelity. A real Treat! It has a clean natural sound.
This book was delivered just as offered. It's in great condition and is about a great metaphysical topic, Self Mastery and the eternality of the soul!
Mimi Zeiger has written a truly useful book about medical writing. Many specialized writing books are just collections of general writing rules in disguise.This books focuses on mechanics and methods of writing specifically for the medical sciences. Full of hands-on techniques, methods, and exercises geared to analyzing and improving your writing.I'm an experienced technical writer yet still found this book quite useful.Five stars!
At best, this movie is a poorly crafted attempt to cash in on the emerging genre of gay noir. At worst, it is ham-fisted softcore porn. In either case, it's not very pretty. The acting is wooden, the script is BEYOND dumb, and the directing variously reminds me of digital home movies and slapdash film school projects. C'mon, guys. Just because you're shooting on zero-budget doesn't mean you have to create this lame unwatchable cinematic turd. If you want to see some gay noir made with no bucks that's actually worth watching, take a look at Tom Kalin's SWOON (1992).
I picked up this album for 99 cents only knowing it was a hip hop album that came out in the 80s. I collect old hip hop CDs so I had to get it. By the first track, I couldn't believe this guy. Could he be serious? One of the tracks "Suicide" tells listeners, "Messin' with Busy Bee, it's going to be a suicide". The next song is called "HOMICIDE" and he tells listeners "You mess with Busy Bee, it's about to be a HOMICIDE". haha. On another track he talks about losing his virginity to his cousin, the weird part is he is not trying to be shocking. He is just saying it casually like he's bragging about it. Regardless of no skills, it is VERY entertaining and it has me listening to every word. It's great to show to friends to laugh together. 4 stars!!
I enjoyed the Anne of Green Gables series of books. But, if you haven't read LMM's other books, you are missing out. I especially like "Jane of Lantern Hill". And my favorite "The Blue Castle" which is perfect romance.Read these 2 books and her others. You may have to dig a bit but it'll be worth the trouble.
I've had this watch for almost a year and a half, and so far, it's still working, even though there are several problems. The thin straps on the side that are supposed to hold the watch in place are peeling, one of the buttons has fallen off, whenever the alarm rings, the screen goes blank, indiglo no longer works, and the wristband is dirty and won't get clean. I've swam in it and ran in it, but the indiglo and the watch display problems are probably not from that. I'm planning on getting a new watch exactly like this one and taking better care of it because this is the best watch ever.************UPDATE*******************Write after I wrote the review, the watch has died. I rodered a new one just like it from amazon. The new one is so much pinker and prettier than the old one. I think the straps fade quickly if you swim in them, and so I won't be swimming with the wtach to protect the lovely pink color. Also, the gray straps on the sides fade, too, and I beleive the indiglo could have stopped working because of me swimming in the watch, so be careful. Other than that, this is a great watch. It is very easy to use, an easy to read display, is very stylish, and has 3 different alarms, a chronometer, and a night mode, a timer, and so muhc more. That makes up for the hard to clean and easily fading strap.
All the raves about this book are correct, but Microsoft rushed it to press too early. It goes up to chapter 23, but Microsoft has already posted chapters 24 and 25 on their web site. Also, some of the material is inaccurate due to Microsoft changing their mind about the 2.0 implementation.
If you are into BDSM, or just fantisize about it, this trilogy will feed that fantasy to the max. Deeply erotic, it touches every conceivable permutation of slave/owner and bondage/discipline fantasy that any individual could conceive of, short of absolute brutality and injury. To Ann Rice's credit, by the third book, she does develop some new twists (if you last that long--I barely did, because I was getting bored with the endless permutations on the same theme), and the ending of the third book is something of a surprise. This Trilogy is quite a departure from her vampire books. The writing is technically good, but I found the series overall repetitious and not worth the time. I read all three, ultimately, to be able to say that I had. I certainly wouldn't do it again. I then turned around and sold the set on Amazon!
and he is back with another great album!, i love all the tracks also!, although the first couple times i had listened 2 it i had criticised it alot, but i gave it a chance and it grew on me and now i love the whole album! i agree with what another reviewer said which was the 2nd half is much better!, the first half is real good also dont forget that, but the 2nd is full of slow soothing ginuwine!! and thats what he does best!! its a very hot album and features a Jazze Pha produced track to the jazze fans out there, Timbo would had been a good addition but what can you do? oh well, this cd is very hot and its gonna stay like that ! this will easily stay on top of my playlist for a while.Now "Take A Chance" ;) and cop this album now!!!
This is a volume that gives details and a lot of names of individuals who served in Special Forces from 1956 to 1975.Vietnam is covered in some detail. There are chapters on SF in Okinawa, Laos, including the White Star operation, The Montagnards, operation Switchback, the LLDB, Tet, The Green Beret Navy, the Mike Forces, CIDG program.There are maps showing where the SF operatied, including Laos and Thailand.There are sections also on the SF MIA's and on the Medal of Honor Winners.This is a good book for anyone wanting to know about the SF in the years covered.
This effort may not appeal to everyone...certainly not as a coffee table book....but for those of us who follow Kent, his writings, his art and his life story, it is a commendable compliment to the study of his art. This book drove me nuts, so much so that I travelled to Greenland to see the Arctic light and shadows for myself. Kent captured the light and images of a unique land and this book provides a worthwhile reference to many of his Greenland landscapes. I sure would like to see one of his original landscapes hanging on my wall at home:-)
The Graphics are are worse than N64. The game is boring beyond anything I've ever played. The controls don't make any sense. Highly recommend buying something else.
Mr. five symphony &quot;Composer&quot; it's obvious to me that your full of it!!! I just listened to the sound bites on here and its pretty obvious that this album is a sad state of affairs. The guitar playing is sloppy and the solos don't sound composed they sound like him improvising over the orchestra and it isn't working. Anyone who has a good ear and a real appreciation for the classical arts (Including Yngwie no don't) would recognize this album as a gimmic. I'm sure Yngwie would agree. Being and Yngwie fan we would all like to see him succeed in this realm, but this album fails. Luckily for Yngwie there are fans out there who are foolish enough to beleive in this recording. Which could be good. Maybe he put it out to test the market. If theres money to be made perhaps he'll make a real effort in this genre next time around. And Mr. &quot;Composer&quot;...no name?? Being such an accomplished artist with your symphonies and 10 cd's I'm sure we would all like to know who you are so we can by them and listen to them ;-). Next time don't lie just give your opinion, because it does matter until you start making up lies then your opinion stands for squat.
I put on a pair of noise-cancellation headphones in Best Buy one day, and I was hooked. Unfortunately the set I put on cost nearly $200 and was sold out. The following day, I saw these while I was grocery shopping in a Wal-Mart and thought I should give them a chance.Opening the package, I instantly noticed the cheap materials this product was made from. The cord was too thin, the battery compartment had a snap closure that poorly fit, and the fabric over the cans was misaligned and had over-cut hanging out.Turning on the noise cancellation was just as disappointing. I immediately heard a hissing through the headphones, and barely noticed any reduction of background sound (a movie on TV). I flipped the switch on and off to see if I could notice any reduction, and after a few minutes of testing, I discovered even their effective noise cancellation was 0-30% at the most. My big can headphones with passive cancellation performed this well, and the sound quality is significantly better. I took them back the as soon as I could.I recommend you do not purchase this product, and not to purchase any noise cancellation product without trying it first hand or making sure the store has an excellent return policy.
This is a great book. It covers equine anatomy in detail so you know what you are working with. The are tons of diagrams and drawings. It reads like a textbook, which isn't necessarily a bad thing but it's not exactly easy, light reading at bedtime :) The only reason I didn't give it 4 stars is that the book feels cheaply made. The paper is very thin, and it seems like someone just xeroxed the pages and mailed them out. The cover should be plastic or a thicker bond of paper. Don't get me wrong, the spiral binding is a great idea--makes it easy to have a page open at the stables. But my pags are aleady starign to tear out a bit.
A great &quot;chill-out&quot;, romantic album....very very nice!
I read Eagle Seamanship to prepare myself for a voyage across the Atlantic on her. This books is a wonderful intorduction to get you started while onboard this beautiful Square-Rigger. It takes you through the lines and pinrail, that you need to know to work the sails. It doesn't give you sufficient navigation information, so you'd learn that as you go. After reading the book and putting what I learned into action, I am forever hooked on sailing ships and the sea! If your interested in sailing ships or one of America's naval treasures, I encourage you to read this book.
I just happened to see this by accident and thought what a great idea! I bought 2 and yes it does work great. The only time I use it in my drill is when I decide to sharpen a bunch of pencils at once, the rest of the time I just use it like a regular hand powered sharpener.
Having seem a few of the shows that formed this tour, I can testify as to the verisimilitude contained here: This is what the band played, this was how they looked (in the movie on Disc two), this was how they sounded. Every few songs, they'd launch an undiscussed improvisation, just as shown here. Having heard the ProjeKcts and THE CONSTRUKCTION OF LIGHT, there were few surprises. So what is there to say about HEAVY CONSTRUKCTION?First of all, I concur that TCOL's tracks are largely better performed here. Not so for the THRAK-era songs, which suffer the lack of personnel, though they are certainly acceptable. "Heroes" was quite the surprise in concert, but not clearly a triumph on album. More rewarding are the deep explorations into the subconcious titled "Deception of the Thrush", which is thankfully represented by more than one performance.Most amazing is the wholesale compilation of improvisations that comprises the third disc; this no doubt offers the greatest staying power, as there is so much to digest. Truly, not music for 'everybody', whoever that might mean. But for fans of Crimson in general, this is clearly the late-era document of choice. Here, the band really shines: unencumbered by expectations of past glory, or of a need to relive previous arrangments, they insistently probe where not even they may have gone before. If that isn't King Crimson, then what is?
Normaly I become tired of a series and look for the author to end it. With Sookie and the other residents of Bon Temps I don't have that feeling. Sookie really comes into her own in this installment and even though she is far from "normal" she has angst over past actions and relationships that we can all relate too (well, I've never kiled anyone but I have regrets over actions). I love seeing Eric struggle with his memory and appear ever slightly human. Sookie now becomes even more entangled in the Were community and meets a delicious new Were, Quinn. I can't wait to see him again in future books, and it looks like he feels the same about Sookie. Some people may be upset at all the "man action" in her life, but for someone who was shunned by men and her community until Bill came along it is nice to see Sookie developing relationships that she missed out on when she was younger. If I counted right she now has 6 men to choose from. Way to go Sookie!Remember the New Year's resoulution Sookie made in "Dead to the World"? Well looks like she should have amended it a bit....
Per the other reviews here, I ordered 1 size up from normal in both length and inseam. Couldn't be happier. I use these for all kinds of yard work and construction, and they are holding up beautifully. Very durable sturdy and put together very nicely. I don't expect to have to order another set for some time.
As the film exists today, Stroheim echoes the Apostle Paul's famous words: "The love of money is the cause of all kinds of evil." Indeed, symbols of Christ and Christianity abound in this movie, the message of which seems to emphasize the aristocratic emptiness we still celebrate. The late Fay Wray, very lovely here, deserves so much to be remembered for more than KING KONG. Her performance is excellent as the used and betrayed lover, and, quite frankly, her performance is the best thing about the film, except, perhaps, for some of the lighting, despite the director's arrogance. Source material for this release varies, from near excellent to poor, but it is wonderful we still have this masterpiece.
This is the most cherished item I bought on Amazon, and was able to pick it up during a one-day super sale around New Years. I'd recommend buying the Definitive sets over the Collection sets 1-5; they have better special features, main menus, and are also in production order. On the other hand, some of the Collection sets are offered at very competitive prices (for instance, Collection 2 is 90% off right now)! I previously bought two Collection sets before but had to buy the Definitive series and I'm not disappointed. If you can't buy the entire series, I'd look into the Collection sets that are currently on sale, but this is a great product overall. Rod Serling is one of the best television writers of all time!
The judicial process is often a maddeningly confusing one. Cardozo, one of the most well known and respected jurists in the history of American law, aims to give a relatively straightforward account of the judicial process.The book is a good introduction to law and its processes. It certainly is not an authoritative text, as certain of his discussions seem to be out of date. However, given the authority accorded Cardozo in the legal world one can hardly go wrong starting out with this book.
I saw the same exact cable at best-rip off (oh I mean bestbuy) and it was 40 bucks more. Buy here, be confident, the wire is just as quality than the one you'll get at best buy. Im am extremely happy with this deal. I paid 12 bucks for a 40+ cable, doesnt get better than that.
I had not seen this film for about 25 years, and I looked forward to watching it again. If, like me, you enjoy Cloris Leachman and Bea Arthur, in particular, then you are surely tempted to pick up this DVD. May I suggest you rent it first?For me, this film has the sort of period-specific humor that does not age well. Now, it seems forced and quite unfunny (unless you still laugh at homophobic jokes, for example), and it doesn't even hold any charm as a time capsule. It's "Love American Style" -- unbearable to watch now -- stretched into movie length.
Did I really have to struggle through this massive novel and be subjected to all of the one-dimensional characters, the simplistic ethical quandaries and the total unrealistic human interactions to understand Rand's philosophical intent? No, I didn't, but once I started, pangs of literary guilt prompted me to finish.I have significant issues with this book. First, the characters and dilemmas are so one-dimensional (i.e., very good or very bad, very productive citizens or totally non-productive, handsome and fit or physically unattrative and &quot;fattish,&quot; to quote Rand) that they become tiring. We all know real life and real people are not this black-and-white; I do wish it was this easy to see deceit, sloth and underhandedness, because it would be easy to pick out the bad guys.Also, the countless examples of the &quot;us-versus-them&quot; dilemma was too much. Too much, because even in Rand's fictional society where human leeches cling to the valiant few productive citizens, the enormously egregious examples of evil that some characters get away with would just not be tolerated or possible in a lawful society. Its too much for me to swallow (ever hear of the literary concept of &quot;suspension of disbelief?&quot; - Rand ignores this practice in her books). I mean, does every good character in this book have to be so heroic, almost Paul Bunyan-like? Why can't we have a few &quot;Joe Lunchboxes&quot; (to quote Mr. Burns from the Simpsons) who are just average guys trying to make a dollar out of 15 cents?Even if I can get past the stylistic problems with her writing, I just can't wholesale buy into Rand's precepts in &quot;Atlas,&quot; which I consider all 'in extremis.' An impressionable, and largely unread, friend of mine finished this book and tells me, &quot;Dude, things really are getting like this in our country.&quot; &quot;What are you talking about,&quot; I replied, &quot;have you looked around lately? The economy is flourishing, hundreds of millionaries are created every day, and big business is becoming the engine that drives the global community. What saint-like industrialists that you know of are being forced out of existence by inept and corrupted governments and being brought to their knees by parasitic citizens?&quot;Do not assume by my response that I do not recognize the continued failure of the federal welfare state, the attack on our civil liberties by religious zealots and our increasing tax burden. I am a self-described civil libertarian whom strongly supports the notions of self-reliance and self-governance.And while I may be a civil libertarian and support a more restricted government, that does not mean I am a fool about the very real damages and harm that businesses can impact on society. And I realize Rand's extreme examples are a result of her exposure to Communism. But I challenge all of Rand's devotees who believe that big businesses and these giant engines of wealth creation are the strongest beacons of freedom, creativity and national strength to read an alternative viewpoint, one that is real and not contrived, like Rand's.I challenge them to read John Steinbeck's &quot;In Dubious Battle,&quot; which was written about 20 years earlier than &quot;Atlas Shrugged.&quot; Its very short and highly entertaining; it is not a simplistic rant against the evils of orchard owners like &quot;Grapes of Wrath,&quot; but it asks the reader fundamental questions about good and evil, both from self-serving business and individuals.
My kids love this book, and they *really* love the googly eyes. It is a fun little book, but the rhythm are rhyme strained at times. It also annoys me that every singly page depicts a dinosaur drinking pop (aka "soda" or "coke") in a bottle with a straw. Over all, it's an OK book, especially if your children are thrilled with dinosaurs and/or googly eyes. Otherwise, I recommend Ten Little Ladybugs (ISBN: 1581170912) as a better counting backwards book.
This book provides several hundred pages of interesting stories about the Jewish revolution during Israel's real war of independence -- the war against the British. Even for readers of other volumes about this period, there are new stories and new details about familiar stories. If this was the only criterion for a book of this type I would give it two more stars.However, the book contains no footnoting or endnoting, thereby greatly reducing its usefulness and requiring readers to take author Golan's word that the events he reports actually occurred. In my opinion, that is not nearly good enough. Books about Zionism's center and right need to be well footnoted for all of the usual reasons and also to be links in a chain allowing/encouraging interested Zionists to know where to find source documents. (The book even fails to provide a bibliography, further reducing its value.) Regrettably, "Free Jerusalem" simply fails on this count.Hopefully, author Golan will continue to research and write, and in future works will correct this easily fixable problem.
Toro Ultra 12 Amp Variable Speed Electric Blower/Vacuum With Metal Impeller #51599Amazon performed flawlessly as does the Toro. Warning: when vacuuming wet leaves expect leakage of very dirty water from the bag. This tool is ideal for use on relatively small lots. It's fairly powerful yet very easy to carry. A best buy.
Steve Alten has done it again. This uncannily timely thriller includes attempts to obtain fusion weapons by none other than Osama Bin Laden through a man named Benedict and his villainess accomplice, Christine. Neither shows any scruples or mercy in their quest for absolute power. Meg's daughter, Angel has grown and escapes her environs for the freedom of the wide Pacific. There she causes havoc up the Pacific, Canadian Pacific and Alaskan Coasts before proceeding to the Marianas Trench where the above mentioned villains are doing their worst to come up with super fusion material for a terrorist we all know and hate. Anyway, the suspense builds with each shark attack and battle between good men and absolutely horrid men (and women). The deeper the reader goes, the more tense the action becomes. This book is a nail biter, a can't put downer of the most sensational kind. "Domain" was great but "The Trench" is unbelievable. Don't hesitate to purchase this book, you won't regret it.
This book had been sitting on my shelf for months and after having it read it, I wish I had read it earlier. Fantastic story, believeable science combined with history, philosophy, religion... it actually made me stop for a second and think, "This might be possible...!" I don't want to give away any of the great plot, so you'll just have to read it for yourself.
I love a good mystery. Harry Bosch makes it so much fun. I have read Michael Connelly before, and decided that I wanted to read the whole series with Harry so started from the beginning. Not hard to finish in a few days. On to the second of a great series.
Like many books of this type, it has some tongue in cheek moments. It talks about flying saucers, anti-gravity projects and general pseudo-science. I enjoy reading these mindless books, but the author really needs to have an English speaking person proof read these before publishing. I also find it amazing how many mis-spelled words and odd paragraphs are in here. I know the author is not a native English speaker, so you would think someone that is would read this and edit it properly. Has some interesting pictures of the Nazi saucer mythos and all as well. Some drawings and photocopies of texts. Good if you are interested in this stuff and I have added to my collection, but all of these books would have more credibility if they had more polished editing.
Superb optics to shorten the working distance for close-up work, very little color fringing and no visible distortion. Nice piece of glass.
I WAS SOMEWHAT HESITANT TO PURCHASE THIS NOVEL BASED ON THE SUBJECT MATTER HOWEVER I HAD READ 'THE BLACK ROSE' AND WAS IMPRESSED WITH THE WRITING SO I TOOK A CHANCE. THIS BOOK IS ACTUALLY PRETTY GOOD. IT'S NOT OFTEN THAT A BOOK ABOUT THE EXISTENCE BETWEEN LIFE AND DEATH, REALITY AND FANTASY IS WRITTEN BY AN AFRICAN AMERICAN AUTHOR. THE BEST PART ABOUT THE BOOK WAS THAT IT WAS WRITTEN IN SUCH A MANNER THAT THE READER NEVER KNEW WHETHER THE EVENTS WERE REAL OR A BYPRODUCT OF THE MAIN CHARACTERS IMAGINATION...REALITY OR FANTASY. THE BEST WAY TO DESCRIBE THE BOOK IS TO IMAGINE THAT IT IS TOLD FROM THE PERSPECTIVE OF SOMEONE SUFFERING FROM A MENTAL DISEASE SUCH AS PARANOID SCHIZOPHRENIA. ONE NEVER KNOWS IF IT IS REALITY OR FANTASY. THE NOVEL ALSO COULD BE DESCRIBED AS SURREAL. ALL IN ALL, THOUGHT IT WAS A VERY CREATIVE WAY TO TELL A STORY AND IT ALWAYS KEPT THE READER GUESSING. IF YOU LIKE DEAN KOONTZ AND STEPHEN KING NOVELS, THIS IS SIMILIAR BUT WITH AN AFRICAN AMERICAN TWIST. I LOOK FORWARD TO READING 'MY SOUL TO KEEP' WHICH I ORDERED BEFORE I COMPLETED THIS NOVEL. THE AUTHOR DID A GOOD JOB ON THIS NOVEL
I owned a Honeywell RTH7400D before buying this thermostat. The difference is that the RTH7400D has a 5-day schedule (program is the same for Mon-Fri) and Sat and Sun can be set independently. I sold my old RTH7400D on eBay. I bought the RTH7500D because my work schedule changed, and I wanted the ability to set each day of the week separately, if I wanted to.The RTH7500D allows you to set each day of the week separately.The nice thing is that you do NOT have to set each day separately. You can select all 7 days and set them the same way. Or you can select Tuesday through Thursday and set them one way, and select the rest of the days and set them different. Or, you can select every other day and set a schedule that way.I remember seeing the RTH7500D many years ago, and I thought "that's inconvenient--having to set each day of the week separately". But I was wrong. If I had purchased the RTH7500D years ago, then I wouldn't have had to buy it today!I have used Honeywell for many years, and never had a problem. I found the instructions for wiring to be self-explanatory. The thermostat regulates temperature well (heating and cooling). It keeps time well. I installed it in 15 minutes or so. The display turns on when you touch a button. The batteries last a long time for me (but then I don't mess with it much after setting it). I purchased it on Amazon for 45 bucks.It does have a feature that will turn-on the heater or A/C as needed (i.e., it will select what unit to turn-on based on the temperature you set)---instead of manually setting it for heater during winter, or A/C for summer. The thermostat has a 3 degree tolerance with regards to switching between units. However, I don't use this feature, because I would rather have control over this function.
I just tried to listen to this album again for the first time since it came out. I didn't like it then and don't like it now. It just isn't anything like Malcolm McLaren's other great albums like Fans, Waltz Darling, and Duck Rock. No rap, no combination of opera and orchestra with rap and world beat.
This workout is just what I need. It is easy, kind of fun and I don't get bored of using it over and over. If you are in great shape before pregnancy this may be too easy. But for people who were in average shape and just want to maintain some sort of shape without killing themselves I highly recommend this tape.
I was first introduced to Noel Coward's works "Sail Away" and "The Girl Who Came to Supper." They weren't the best of Broadway but did have some flair and great panache. Years later I purchased a recording of a British review of Coward's work called "Cowardy Custard" and began to appreciate his singularly British charm.Now even years later and I just received "Bitter Sweet" in the mail and am in awe of Coward's breadth and scope. The score itself is on a par with "Show Boat." Now don't get me wrong, the frothy love affair of "Bitter Sweet" cannot compare to the dramatic turns in "Show Boat", but trust me--listen to the music and the orchestrations.This is great work.
The reason I gave this book just one star is because I don't want potential buyers to be misled into buying this book thinking they will be getting authentic Penna. Dutch recipes. The recipes in this book are for diner or family restaurant food, not for real Amish or Mennonite dishes. I should know. I grew up in Penna. Dutch country, and I have many Mennonite and Brethren relatives who cook the real Penna. Dutch way. In fact, despite the fact that the owners of this restaurant call it the Dutch Kitchen, it's not even located in Penna. Dutch country. (Maybe if it was they'd know we are Penna. Germans, not Dutch.) The restaurant is in Frackville, which is in what we in Penna. refer to as the Coal Region. The people in that area are mostly descendents of immigrant miners who came to Penna. much later than the Penna. Germans, and they have a much different food tradition. I knew even before I got to the recipes that something was amiss when the authors started talking about tortellini soup and city chicken in the introduction. Believe me, Amish people are not sitting down to a bowl of tortellini soup at their barn raisings. If you want real Penna. Dutch (German) recipes buy a copy of the Mennonite Community Cookbook by Mary Emma Showalter, which is so ubiquitous in Penna. German homes that it is simply referred to as THE Mennonite cookbook. I'm not saying the recipes in the Famous Dutch Kitchen cookbook aren't good; I'm saying they aren't the Amish recipes some of the other people who reviewed this book thought they were. I did enjoy the pictures in the book, and I think the diner section of the restaurant looks like it would be a fun place to eat.
I read the Governess Bride Series out of order (Books 2, 3 then 1). I advise skipping straight to #2 (the best of the bunch - a keeper.) You'll learn enough about the basis for the stories and won't have to endure this first one. I suspect this book has received a lot of high ratings because there is some very witty writing in the dialog between some of the characters, especially at the beginning -- something Dodd does really well. But this story's hero is totally one-dimensional and shows no emotional growth or development through out the story - until the last 5 pages of the book and by then, his character development has been so shallow that when he has a change of heart, it seems ridiculous (the least believable of any romance novel I've read). Plain and simple, it is bad writing and a boring read.PLUS, on their wedding night, the hero forces his wife to have sex, waves a gun at one point and uses a knife to her clothing at another. Sorry folks, but IMHO there was absolutely nothing sexy about any of that.P.S. Governess Brides #3 is okay, not as good as #2, but at least it has an interesting plot line especially compared to #1.
Royal Brotherhood Series (RBS)In the Prince's Bed #1To Pleasure a Prince #2One Night with a Prince #3Read the RBS first because it is loosely tied to School for Heiresses Series (SHS).Never Seduce a Scoundrel #1Only a Duke Will Do #2 (Louisa North, Lord Marcus North's sister & Simon, Regina's stupid brother)The School for Heiresses #3 (anthology, Story #1- Colin Hunt, Duke of Foxmoor's cousin)Beware of a Scot's Revenge #4 (Lady Venetia Campbell mentioned in one of the RBS)Jefferies is a high-quality writer that keeps my interest throughout the book and gives me that feeling of wanting to read the next in the series without waiting. I dig that. So far, I have not been disappointed. They are Regency style romances and I like to mix them in with the other genres. And if you're going to read Regency you should totally read Jefferies'.It's all very relaxing and comfortable. It has romance as well as being appropriately steamy. It is escapism at its best in my opinion. These books are the sort that gives you a nice ahhhhh feeling when you're finished. I can't think of one bad thing to say.
I have every Suchet-Poirot and every Hickson-Marple. These, taken together, may be the best television mysteries ever made, but this most recent and (probably) final bit is way, way below the par of the series. Here's why:- Screenplay far below the standards. Just not a lot to it. The writer clearly thought that mysteries without any mystery was fun.- Settings and scenery and photography below the standards. Prior entries always provided a lot of beauty and atmosphere in the settings, which recreated the 1930-1950 era. These two fall flat.- Even David Suchet seems a bit wornout by doing the same old stuff in the same old way.- $35 bucks for just TWO movies? Who are you kidding? We English mystery fans are CHEAPOS! We want GREAT mysteries by the GROSS and we don't want to pay this much for them, even though we are likely to watch them over and over.
After hearing so much about this book and Robin Schone as a writer in general, I was (pleasantly) surprised reading this book. Written in the same tradition as Beatrice Small or Susan Johnson, this book is extremely explicit, and sensual in nature. Many people might not enjoy this type of writing, and it is not for the faint hearted. I found it very encouraging (though not very likely coming from a Victorian woman), to read about a woman who wanted to explore her sexuality. Here is a 30 something woman, who's had two children and a few gray hairs. She's not perfect and because her husband had never been very encouraging of her, she has little self confidence. Despite this, she wants to try and strengthen her waning marriage, and thinks sprucing up her sex life is the way to go. This book strives to show that a woman's body is beautiful and worthy of appreciation and love, and I consider this a positive thing. We (meaning women) should all feel more comfortable with our bodies, and The Lady's Tutor tries to show this. There are some things which I did not particularly care about in this book (like the fact that our heroine turned to someone outside of her marriage in the first place, or the cliche &quot;bad guy&quot;) but the story and sensual by-play between our lovers was worth reading past these minor transgressions. I don't suggest this book for a first time romance reader, but I thoroughly enjoyed reading it.
I got tired of groceries sliding around the back of my car and picked up this organizer. It is awesome. It comes folded flat, but when stood up, it is sturdy and can handle 4-5 bags of groceries. The base is weighted, so it won't fly around in your trunk. I recommend this organizer.
I generally rely on the customer reviews I read and make my selection based on them - boy was I thrown on this one. Andy is NOT funny, the plot does twist - in knots! All I can figure out about Laurie is she's a good cook and has no problems sleeping. In addition to the people being totally uninteresting - the dog is as dull as dish water - and I'm a sucker for dogs! I'm on page 224 and intend to skip to 273 (the end) rather than endure anymore of it.
If a Christian album is so watered down and devoid of the message of God that a secular listener could write the review quoted below, the word "Christian" should not even be mentioned.REVIEW BY Bob the Babysitter: "I was exposed to this CD by accident, taking care of a preteen who received it for his birthday. It so offended my ears that I had to find more about it on the internet. Now I understand that it's a DC talk member's side project. Just like anything else I've heard labeled "Christian Rock," it basically consists on watered-down stylistic rip-offs of popular secular artists with some Christian messages tacked on. The shocking thing about this CD is that the usually overt Christian messages are so muted that they're almost subliminal. tobyMac gives props to God here and there, but if that's all that's required to be a Christian artist, then I suggest everyone reading this to pick up Jay-Z's latest album, since he's also Christian by these standards.[portion of review concerning musical talent deleted]This message may be falling on deaf ears sitting on a Christian album review page, but here it goes: People, this is what happens when praising God (or pretending to) becomes a lucrative industry. People take a sound that sells, shallowly sprinkle on some god and slap it on the shelf. It's the musical and philosophical equivalent of meth; it's supposed to get you high, but it's so toxic that leaves you awake for days with a splitting headache, puking in the trashcan.If you're looking for some substantial Christian music, avoid this phony Christian music and buy your kid "Mos Def & Talib Kweli Are Black Star," instead."I reviewed TM's album Welcome to Diverse City just before reading Bob's review, and I stand by my opinion all the more so! I feel that the two stars I gave WTDC were two too many."I charge you therefore before God and the Lord Jesus Christ, who will judge the living and the dead at His appearing and His kingdom: Preach the word! Be ready in season and out of season. Convince, rebuke, exhort, with all longsuffering and teaching. For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine, but according to their own desires, because they have itching ears, they will heap up for themselves teachers; and they will turn their ears away from the truth, and be turned aside to fables. But you be watchful in all things, endure afflictions, do the work of an evangelist, fulfill your ministry."2 Timothy 4:1-5
Claire Lynch has a nice voice and nice background music. Unfortunately too many of her songs have that "Cole Porter" sound and feel. Many of her songs have the Cole Porter sound, touch, and general tune...which is quite irritating since it reminds me of the Lawrence Welk Show and Big Band Era, which I am a little tired of. Country and Big Band (Cole Porter) just don't go together. Almost all of her songs have that Cole Porter sound...which gets damn well annoying after a while. By the way, a light drum would be pretty rather than just a drab guitar. Give me a break...Claire Lynch is trying to give Cole Porter a "Redneck" sound...no way in hell that's going to work out. The songs "Stranger things have happened" is almost 100% a Cole Porter song with the Redneck voice of Claire Lynch...my goodness, this does not work out (and sounds awful). Claire...please stick to country!
The soundtrack is missing quite a few of the songs that were in the movie but luckily I've managed to find them all except "Sebastian" sung by Jonathan Rhys Myers and "Unclean" song by Ewan McGregor. The Stooges got together to form the Wylde Ratts (seen as the Rats in the movie)and wrote T.V. Eye and Unclean. They recorded T.V. Eye with Iggy Pop (the Ewan McGregor version is on the soundtrack)later. Gimee Danger is also sung by Ewan on the cd but available with Iggy on vocals elsewhere. As far as I can tell, Unclean hasn't been recorded at all!! The 2 most notably missing songs would be by Marc Bolan and Gary Glitter as they highlight specific scenes in the movie, Cosmic Dancer and Do You Wanna Touch Me. You have to be careful if you use a program like Gracenote when downloading your cd's because there are 2 different versions out there. Placebo fans DON'T MISS their cover of 20th Century Boy.
I bought a Crossfire at Target today, [...]. It is a Great nice Nerf gun for the price. I compared it against myNerf N-Strike - Nite Finder EX-3because both guns are single-shot and cost about the same. [...]I tested Crossfire's range indoors and while the Crossfire does go 30 feet, I get about 35 feet from my Nite Finder.I like the small size of the Crossfire. It's easily carried or concealed. However, the small size does come at cost. I'm an adult and the Crossfire feels less comfortable in my hands. The Nite Finder is just slightly bigger and its grip fits larger hands better in my opinion.One other nice feature of the Crossfire is that it's pumped by pulling back and returning the top mechicanism, much like a real semi-automatic handgun. So when the gun is cocked it's no longer than when it's un-cocked. On the other hand, when the Nite Finder is cocked its pull mechanism makes it about three inches longer, and harder to carry or conceal.
Will Rogers has no peer in America today, Rogers was a populist who is actually smart and wise, which is currently a contradiction in terms. Today's populists compromise theirselves by their loyalty to a political party. Rogers on the other hand was an equal opportunity skewerer of either party when they threatened the well-being of the common man.About the only peer today would be Bill Maher for the country's intellegsia, however due to the fragmentation of the media, we have no common spokesperson for populism, our loss.This is the Hallmark Edition and with contains not just the most popular of his sayings and excerpts from his newspaper columns, but also a great number of photographs of Mr. Rogers. What's especially fascinating is how timely many of these sayings are even today, like the following in the foreign policy section:"No nation has a monopoly of good things. Each has something the others could well afford to adopt.",or"Several papers have asked, 'What would Europe do if we (the U.S.) were in difficulties and needed help?' So this is in reply to those inquires: 'Europe would hold a celebration' ".Here's a sample of the wisdom: "The two finest things that can happen to a man is to have a good wife and to know that he's accepted by the people he comes from."This a tiny book packed with wisdom and hilarity, highly recommended to put out where it can reviewed when a spare amount is available.
Ohgr, the pairing of Nivek Ogre and Mark Walk, have made another fascinating album. This is top shelf stuff, folks. Oh the attention to detail these two permeate with each track. Their sense of execution is an awesome testiment to what can be done with todays array of instruments. They create a weaving of such synthetic magnitude that one is left wondering if there is no end to their imaginations.The lyrics are pure Ogre. Very insightful, bitter and sober sentiments of our current state of affairs in AmeriKKKa (ooops, my K key sticks sometimes). I appreciate the raw aggression aimed at the establishment. Kudos!Although, some of the sounds in the songs may sound a bit played (distorted lead synths) they do help to create a cohesion throughout the recording. The programming is amazing, frantic and entrancing.Don't play this for your mom if she isn't hip to Skinny Puppy or Ohgr's last work. I personally would spare my mom to the electric onslaught. She has a hard enough time listening to my noisy music I make.Buy it, OK? and get Welt if you do not have it... wowsers...
Just the right size. Soft and comfortable shape. Hits all the right spots. Instantly does it's job ;-) Waterproof. Does not have a bad synthetic smell (it actually has a nice sugary scent). I am very happy with this purchase. I'm surprised that I am the first one here to post a review. I'm sure the next ones would also be positive reviews.
While George Bent's story is more than a worthy topic, the authors do tend to slant events and write in such a way that doesn't tell the story in its true light. For example, in one part of the book the authors state that some traders sold liquor to the Indians and got them drunk, thus an unfortunate incident occurs. Well, when I looked in the footnotes and checked out the well-known source, it stated that one of the Indian chiefs was at fault for supplying the liquor. It makes you wonder what other information is being toyed with. Still, Halfbreed is a good read and contains much fascinating information about George Bent. Just be sure to continue your own research and not read this as the final word.Biased, biased, biased, thus my rating drops to a 3July 26, 2004A very good example of this biased information comes at the end of Chapter 4. The authors explain how a Cheyenne WAR PARTY meets a smaller group of Delawares. They act peacefully but the Delawares try to give them the slip in the night. When the Cheyennes find out that the Delawares, believing the Cheyennes were up to no good, ran for their lives, they felt compelled to give chase and kill some of them. The authors would have you believe that if the Delawares remained where they were, the Cheyenne WAR PARTY would have left them alone. In other words, it was the Delaware Indians at fault, the Cheyennes didn't want to have to hurt them, but were forced into it. Yeah, right, let's blame the victim. It is this type of slanted, biased, and downright foolish writing that PERVADES this book. And it's really too bad. The authors should have respected George Bent more than this and done him justice.
Californication is one of my favorite albums of all time. It's amazing, and shows RHCP at their best. It's a perfect mix of early and late Chili Peppers- still has some funk, but is mellowed down just enough. The early funk is pretty good, but is also kind of hard-core. Two thirds of the songs in the later albums are pop. But Californication is golden.The entire album is definitely planned out very well- the ups and downs of the different songs is easy to follow. The first notes of Around the World set the standard for something crazily fun. After listening to the furiously funky Get on Top, you want something a little softer like the song Californication. Any other rock album would make you scream over the silence that follows the end of the music- something hard and heavy can't just die away abruptly. A lot of bands make the endings of their last songs go on forever, which is repetitively boring because it's just sound- rock sound that doesn't fade off properly. But Road Trippin' is a perfect way to end an album- it's a little softer and falls off into silence just right. Or onto another album...All of the music is incredibly solid. It never really seems to be either too busy or too simplistic. There is no unneccessary noise, and all of the instruments come together into something that sounds amazing- nobody consistantly outshines somebody else. But there is energy in the music- something that makes everything more alive and relatable. And that is what makes an album like Californication shine.
Ever since I read Eternity, I have been waiting for Arianna and Nicodimus's story. As a reader, I knew the rough outline of this book from what happened in the previous one, but Ms. Shayne does not disappoint in her writing. It did not matter that we knew what was coming, if anything it made the story more poignant.Arianna is a strong character who seems woefully spoiled in the beginning of the story. She senses that she is different and dares anyone to oppose her. Nic knows that she is headed for trouble, especially in a time where there is little tolerance for witches. Rightly or wrongly, Nic does not explain what she truly is and this just causes more trouble for this strong willed youth. While battling his own desire, not wanting to be attracted to Arianna or her willful ways, he can't seem to help but be drawn to her. As the story progresses, Arianna grows too. It is this maturing of Arinna that really keeps the interest of the book going.There are many twists and turns which I did not anticipate (though I probably should have). All the secondary characters are key to the plot and are a delight to read about. They are fairly well defined, though I would not have minded a little more in depth explanation into backgrounds and motives. Hate, greed, and love are strong motivators but brief in description. I also did not understand why Arianna did not go after her husband's murderer. Wouldn't she want revenge? Four hundred years is a long time, why didn't she just kill him after she got stronger (especially once she had her sister's help?) Besides that one little criticism, I loved this story and strongly urge you to read it and Eternity if you have not done so yet.
2.5 stars. 'Don't Say A Word', is OK if you are home on a Friday night with nothing to do or you want to be mildly entertained for two hrs. If not, you won't like this. It has no real surprises and the plot is that of the usual Hollywood fair. Mr. Douglas does a fine job. Mr. Platt is good, yet his character isn't involved through the whole film. His character just "dissapeares", midway. The villians are regrettably forgettable. Details to plot and character developement are important in a film; especially one like 'Don't Say A Word'. The acting, production and direction are fair. Overall, it's a good film. It may be better with popcorn and some tasty beverage.
I found this book very disappointing on many levels. Mr. Jeter's writing at times is very good, addictive and energetic, but at other times it seems like he's just going through the motions. This uneven writing makes this book seem like he was given a loose outline of what is supposed to happen with a checklist of character to include and that he is going through line by line stitching it together. Some of it is good, but in general, it just doesn't work.I went into this expecting to see a continuation of the thought process Deckard was going through in DADES, this blurring of the human and replicant/android and how this reflects to the gift and beauty of life. I wanted to see what it was that made Deckard give it up and go with Rachel... and if it was worth it. I wanted to know it there was a chance Deckard was a replicant and how he would have worked through that. Was there a way to escape the 4 year life or could life be just as good within it?Instead, we get a rambling story about convincing Deckard to hunt a "6th replicant" and go back through everything he already has, including the return of Holden and Bryant, Batty and Pris, Sebastion and his toys and that old 'chickenhead' Isidore (who has become very smart). There's a bunch of action stuck in there, much of it gratuitous and a lot of out of character with Deckard. By the end, nothing has really progressed and nothing much really changed.Overall, this book isn't very good. The writing is uneven and the plot is silly. It just doesn't feel like the same characters or ideas that the book (DADES) and movie set up. That's a shame because there was some really good ground this could have covered - instead we get the equivalent of a straight to DVD sequel with different actors, different director, and no money for a writer. Stay away from this one.
Gotta love fabric, a thousand times better than plastic for durability. The flexibility is the main selling point for me, they stay on no matter what. The entire box has only one size(which is perfect), a full one inch wide on the ones I ordered, they can't be beat at this price!
This Cd was put out by Pier 1 imports as a compilation in 2000. I worked there at the time, and collected a few of the Cds they put out. I simply love this kind of music, and I'm scouring the internet to find another compilation of this kind...any suggestions? Is this considered rhythm and blues or just blues?
Yolanda and the Thief and Brigadoon were 2 others! He made Gene Kelly look sexier than his wife did in this one!
This Book was required reading and regurgitation for a university Geology course taken in 1974. Most of its doomsday like predictions have proven to be false. Part of the Scientific Method requires either discarding or seriously modifying a hypothesis in the face of contrary facts. There are the glaring facts that natural resources such as copper, gold, nickel, oil, zinc, etc., etc., were supposed to have been depleted by the year 2000 -- according to the authors and their "world model." These commodities, as of 2010 reports are not depleted. New sources are continuing to be discovered as have happened through-out human history.Thus, the hypothesis model is wrong, the input data is wildly inaccurate, and/or serious computer programing glitches/bugs are lurking about. There is a valid under-current or basic message, associated with the title however.That message is that business as usual - disregard for various side effects, including enviornmental, can not continue. There is a balance between shrub hugging, tree cuddling, bunny sniffers and myopic, bottom-line-profit, corporate morons. The mentality and methods of these extremes do more harm than good; there is ample historical evidence to illustrate the reality.A better use of time and resources, that went into this book, would have been addressing and hypothesizing towards a very important goal:Providing clean adequate drinking water and apt waste removal to EVERYONE on the planet. It would be a mighty first step to raising and equalizing living conditions...
I've had this for a while now and I have no complaints. Canon printers quality surpasses that of Lexmarks. Delivery was fast and it was packaged well. I did not appreciate that it was delivered with the products box showing. Should have been wrapped in delivery paper.What are you waiting for?Hey, it's a Canon!
It is about a coming of age for the heroine of the movie, Molly Parker. She plays a woman who is obsessed with young deceased men and finds herself working at mortuaries so that she can be intimate with them. While I do not think necrophilia is something positive, it is a psychopathology that does occur and often by employees in the funerary business.Again, the film is an interesting and under-rated one that is quite interesting, well-acted and quite enjoyable. I love films that are creatine and this one is definitely for you broad-minded people who want to see something artistic and not mainstream, yet done tastefully. Without giving away the plot, I highly recommend this contraversial film.
I'm a newcomer to California. I moved here in 2003. As such, I missed out on the standard public school education about California. This book makes up for what I missed. And then some.The author wanders around California in his VW bus. How cool is that?! Because of this, we end up with a very personal and enjoyable saunter through seven ecological areas of California. I especially loved his visits to the more remote areas of our state. And I learned much: the line drawings by Blythe are certainly on my list to visit now that Fradkin introduced me to them. And the Tule Lake area, with its amazing history, will get a visit from me soon too.The book is readable, enjoyable, enthralling, disturbing (at times). I'd give it a five star review except for two problems:1. The author thinks that restoring the California Condor is a waste of money. I quibble with that. No amount of money spent to undue the damage to the Condor is wasted.2. There is a glaring error on page 60 of the edition of the book I read. In discussing the Manson murders (while hiking up to the Barker Ranch), Fradkin states "...and one of his followers, Squeaky Fromme, later shot and wounded President Gerald Ford in Sacramento". This never happened. It is a glaring error. Regretable that such a fine book would make such a serous mistake.Other than that, I look forward to reading more of Philip Fradkin's work.
Overall, I have been very happy with my belt clip case. I carry my Palm everywhere with me, and the belt clip case has made that easy and safe to do. My only gripe is that I wish I could access my Palm without having to remove it from the case completely. I would really appreciate a case that would lock securely onto a belt but also allow for complete detachment and then use of the Palm without removal from the case. However, until someone designs such a case, I would highly recommend this one.
Save the box from this film for a movie you taped off TV on DVD. Then toss the paper and the DVD which came with the Box in the trash can . I accept a low budget film can have bad acting, bad sets. [actually the sets were OK], but there must be a decent plot [or some plot]. The plot was just plain non existant. It moved slow, and never went anywhere. What were they thinking when they made this. The film actually was some what professionaly filmed[ editing, camera work etc.], too for a low budget feature. It is just a shame they had no real script. I agree with another reviewer, it is one of the worst. Anyway I just tossed out my copy. I still have the box it came with , as I said though.
I immediately returned this after the plastic height adjustment knob broke within minutes after receiving the router. After doing a lot of online research I chose the Hatachi for its power (3 1/4 HP), feature set (variable speed, and plunge), and price. While the motor appears to be nice and powerful, and relatively quite, every thing else about this router is poorly engineered including the height adjustment, plunger uses, lack of access to on/off switch and speed adjustment. Too bad because I was really excited about the bang-for-the-buck of this router
This arrived quickly and is as described. It is sturdy and perfect for dispensing bird seed into feeders. The cover snaps on tightly.
"Watchmen" is visually arresting - it has action, humor, and it provokes some thought, so there's a good mix here, if you like a little meat with your parsley. While the"director's cut" clocks in at just over three hours, it's well paced. Like other people have said, it's not a "popcorn flick". Be forewarned - it ain't "X-Men".Just don't let anyone tell you "it's like nothing you've seen before"! I'm not arguing where certain concepts may have originated, but if you've seen a lot of movies, you'll see the influences here: "Dark City," "The Incredibles," "Mystery Men," "Seven," (think about it - put John Doe in a mask, and you pretty much get Rorschach), "Fight Club," Julie Taymor's "Titus," the "Matrix" trilogy, "Sin City," "Batman Begins/The Dark Knight," heck, even the live version of "The Tick"...
What a group of despicable people. Usually, in a TC book, you can find one hero that emerges. Someone who you put your hope in that will save the day. There is no one like that in this story. First, each and every adult in young Larry Swartz's life was a failure. From his worthless young mother who abandoned him after pretending to have an interest in him for a few years, to each dysfunctional foster family who tried to make him fit in their families with no success. The poor child was never loved by anyone. He had six mothers in six years. Finally, he is adopted by what would be an outwardly "good" family. However, the Swartzs are a puzzle. What kind of people were they really? They had outwardly successful jobs but a trashy dirty house. They are portrayed to have been cruel with their three adopted children and seemed cold and hostile to each other. Why did these five people even come together and try to form a family? The portraits of them together belong on the awkwardfamilyphotos.com website. Still, you never really find out what drove a 17 year old to slay both his parents in such a radical fashion. To chase his mother around the neighborhood in the snow nude? That is beyond rage. This book left me feeling empty and sad.
I bought this movie as I am a Barbie movie fan. Barbie movies are for young and old alike. Is very entertaining and a feel good movie.
This CD is absolutely fantastic and the price is right. It pulls the best music from Season 1 so you have it. Just have to flag The Shape of Things To Come, its related Passacaglia and Destiny as the cream of the crop in the CD. Brings back images from the series flooding through your head as you listen. The music casts such a wide net in instruments and type - its just wonderful getting to listen to it.If you think you might want this, get it while its still in production - unlike DVD's, CD's production lifespans often are short (couple of years) and don't come back into production very often.
I love the Pern books. Anne writes characters you care about. I have cried more than once at the death of one of them. Todd writes shallow boring characters impossible to be the least bit interested in. His plots are unintersting. I will never buy a book he has written again. I might keep reading to see if he improves, but i'll get them at the library. Don't waste your money!
"The World as I Found It" by Bruce Duffy is another off the New York Review of Books recommendations, a wonderful resource of modern literature. The main character is the philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein, with a strong supporting cast of Bertrand Russell and GE Moore. Moore and Russell were professors at Cambridge in 1912 when Wittgenstein was a first year student who was so brilliant that he was treated almost as an equal. While it is a novel of ideas, it is also a great examination of each individual's personal life with a Henry Jamesian in-depth penetration. It looks brilliantly at the relationships among themselves and with others, the infighting of Cambridge egos, revolutions in thought and attitudes, and a whole whirl of ideas, conflicts, and intrigues. It also recalls the adventures of Lady Ottoline Morrell, a trophy hunter of intellectuals. The writing features great prose, nuance and subtlety that is captivating. First rate. And for all its depth, the conflicts and development make it a page turner as episodes are so well described, balanced, and strung together. Impatient readers beware, although the WWI battle scenes are graphic and engrossing. Wittgenstein is portrayed as a disturbed intellectual, borderline suicidal type with an explosive temper. (Well, after all, he was Austrian.) While his philosophical work is incomplete, he addressed the difficulty of human experience due to the limitations of symbolic representation in language and thought. Today, cognitive science probably engages more of this spectrum than philosophical deliberation. It is high-level literature for the reflective reader.
You'll wish Harry had his broom when you start playing the latest EA game, Order of the Phoenix. The good news is, although short, at least this one seems finished. The previous game, Goblet of Fire came across as rushed and with several bug problems. Unfortunately, there's not too much else to applaud.This game begins, briefly, where the book does; Harry saves his cousin from Dementors. It then skips to Sirius Black, Harry's godfather's home and meeting place for the Order of the Phoenix. There, you do have to do *exciting* things like housecleaning and packing, the chores are used to learn some of the first, basic spells. This trip is brief, however, and it's back off to school for the main adventure (and believe it or not, more cleaning!)Gone, thankfully, is blasting things for Bott's Every Flavor Beans and buying magic cards. Now spells are somewhat more practical and using them or finding secret areas earns "discovery points" which zip out like fireflies giving you stronger skills, unlocking rewards and the ability to learn new magic. Except for a couple of instances, you play Harry--Hermione and Ron tag along. Unfortunately, they are often better at getting in the way and being an annoyance, except for the rare moment when you need more than one person to help you cast a spell.The game area is realistic and huge; the stairs move and pictures move and talk. But the vast game area gets aggravating quickly as you seem to have always run across campus to solve a puzzle and back again. The main puzzle is rounding up the other members of Dumbledore's Army to the Room of Requirement. But most times you have to get something or solve their problem before they'll go there. (Do yourself a favor see Dean Thomas first--you can work on more than one problem at a time. Save Luna's task for last when your powers are stronger.)In this game, one of the neat things is you cast spells by a combination of mouse-button and mouse movement--left button for normal spells, moving items, lighting torches. The right mouse-button is used for combat spells which you also learn along the way. You've got two basic key/mouse combo options--unfortunately, you can't customize these. You find your way around by using the Marauders Map. The map itself is pretty useless: It doesn't make much sense as a map layout. But click on either a person's or place's name and it not only marks where they are, it gives you footprints to follow which is helpful. Once you solve their issue, they pop off to the Room of Requirements. You will want to go back there also once and awhile to learn a new combat spell.Along the way, you can earn bonus points by repairing broken items, revealing secret places, solving puzzles with your magic skills and other things. There are secret passage shortcuts guarded by portraits that will allow you through if you can find out their password. As with the others, you will sometimes have to perform a favor or find out something for them before they give it up. There is a Room of Rewards where you can see your progress and unlock video clips.You can also earn points and trophies for beating the local champions at Gobstones (similar to marbles), Snap, an exploding card game and wizard's chess. Actually the wizard's chess is quite good and I don't know why they don't put out a separate set of games on this.The biggest problem with the game is the camera angles. Harry moves strictly in the direction of the arrow, but the camera angle shifts constantly, so you're not just following the character. When the camera shifts so does the direction you're going. So if the camera turns from a back to a side view, you have to switch from the 'up' arrow to the right or left arrow. Often you're pressing two arrows (like up and left) at the same time to make curves or turns. And, if you're running (which involves pressing the shift key as well) it makes it complicated and my keyboard tended to beep in protest. Also, when moving into a room you can lose sight of the character--especially moving through a portrait hole. Or tree branches getting in the way when you're dueling with a member of Slytherin house.It also makes spell casting more difficult by selecting the nearest item available. If there are several things you can jinx, that becomes more difficult. Or suddenly the camera angle changes and you're facing Harry instead of the item you want to cast the spell on.The music is very nice, very much in keeping with the movie. There are several cut scenes, but not so many to make it distracting. It sounds like at least the younger actors are lending their voices to the game which is good, although it gets really annoying when Hermione keeps bleating, "Let's find Neville," over and over as you traverse across campus. I also got sick of Nearly Headless Nick and Moaning Myrtle (clicking the left mouse button makes them vanish again.)Also while you're solving problems for the DA members you've got to try and get homework assignments completed (yay) and can later go back to complete your O.W.L.S. if possible, I found this extremely frustrating again because of the camera changing angles and trying to highlight the correct item to cast in a timed test. There is one more Christmas visit at Sirius' and there are a few good battle scenes toward the end, but the ending is basically an anti-climax. You have one more search after the battles and you can wander around trying to collect all the points, but by that time you're probably ready to head back to the land of muggles.
I have loved this book since i first read it so many years ago. Mara, its lead character, is a joy to get to know
I generally detest the remaking of foriegn films for American audiences, for without exception they drain the original of it's unique qualities and round off all the sharp edges - and American executives' assuming that stateside audiences don't want to read subtitles is just another example of the intellectual dumbing down of the US population. I was enormously impressed with the Japanese original, and even more impressed with this version because it retains the same feeling of.... well, incomparable creepiness. This is a hell of a film, and don't be put off that Sarah Michelle Geller is the big teen name on the poster - this is not a teen scream flick but a well executed, supremely disturbing film by a defiantly groundbreaking director, the same artist as directed the original. I rate this at four stars only because Ms. Geller, while not doing damage to the work, is a bit limited in her range. The Grudge is worlds beyond the usual pablum that passes for horror from US studios, and will hopefully turn many Americans on to the exceptional cinema coming out of Japan. Not a horror cliche in the entire film. Well paced, well scripted, beautifully photographed and refusing to answer all the questions or tie up all the loose ends, this is a genuinely frightening film.
I received this yesterday and am thrilled with the coffeemaker and frother. I knew the coffee-maker was good having used this kind in the past. It makes great coffee and frothed milk in so little time with so little hassle and clean-up. I have owned and have stored/given/thrown away more coffeemakers than I can remember including some very good cappucino machines but ultimately I just couldn't be bothered with the hassle. Then I saw this on Amazon and remembered the great coffee I first drank in 1971 when a gourmet friend used to use this coffeemaker. The frother is really great, too and works quickly with super easy cleanup. This would be a great gift to a coffeelover. The pot makes enough for me to have 2 cups of eye-popping coffee. I am able to use some coffee that I had just purchased and found unpalatable because this brewing makes it taste better than my drip method. What a great deal!
...or at least that's what the latest release by V&auml;rttin&auml; sounds like. Hot industrial dance rhythms mix with the finest in Karelian chant-singing to make an eminently playable album.The best thing about this album is the Finnish lyrics. Finnish, a Finno-Uralic language (i.e., related only to Hungarian and Estonian and totally alien from all other European languages), sounds vaguely Eastern as sung by the talented vocalists of V&auml;rttin&auml;. Indeed, this album sounds more Uralic than Finnic, what with the Mongolian throat-singers thrown in for good measure.If you like world music, buy this album. You will not be disappointed.
I can not for the life of me understand anyone who says this does a competent job. Mine broke after 3 uses. The "squeeze" mechanism basically turns the rotary clipping blades a few revolutions on the squeeze... and another few on the release. It totally blows. You need the RPMs of one of the plastic cheap-o models despite the latter requiring replacement every year or two. Avoid this one. Trust me.
It's a classic. It has become part of an American childhood. Every American child will read it and probably go over it in school. Every American child should own it.
As several people had said in reviews, this little t.v. does not work with rabbit ears or the antenna it comes with. It has to be hooked to an external antenna. With that, it has a great picture and is very compact. I also like that it is battery operated for emergencies, and also came with a car adaptor. Good value and a great product. I also agree with others in that I wish the remote turned it on and off, but that is not a big deal.
I loved each of Miyazaki's films until I saw this one. Miyazaki has repeatedly impressed me with the creativity of his vision and the poignancy of his plots. Howl's Moving Castle, however, was an exception, with its convoluted storyline and lack of character development. (Please note that I watched this film in English, with English subs as well).Howl's Moving Castle is a love story between a handsome and vain wizard, Howl, and a plain, bland girl named Sophie who owns a hat shop. Sophie quickly falls under the spell of a Witch and turns into an old lady. Her character transformation is completely abrupt, and we see this with other characters as well. As an old lady, she is immediately sassy and vibrant, unlike her young self. These sudden personality changes occur later on with the Witch, when she is stripped of her spells (she turns from ruthless and glamorous to docile and silly, calling everything "pretty" and "handsome.") Howl himself goes from a coward to a noble, fearless man with no explanation but his love for Sophie...and his hair goes from blonde to raven, while Sophie's goes from brown to silver. It is as if these characters were replaced with whole other characters.Portions of this movie are not for the weak-stomached. Be prepared for insanely cheesy lines, such as, "I now have something to protect. It's you." My favorite was, "Your hair...it's like starlight!" This would be funny if this movie was a satire, but...it's not.There were several inconsistencies in this movie, but the main flaw was that the bulk of the plot was poorly developed, explained, and concluded. Imagine a love story, then put in a war in the background, and then take the war away on the grounds that the protagonists have found their true loves so the war seems foolish. This movie is, in one word, "silly."
I had soft serve ice cream in about 25 min's after following the easy instructions. There is some noise when the machine is preparing the mix, but not enough to drive you nuts.Overall I am very happy with the Cuisinart and would recomend it to friends.
Long for the days of real HIP HOP? The new krop of KRAPPERS (Korny Rappers) has killed HIP HOP DEAD, DEAD, DEAD...That is, mainstream hip hop. BUT PUBLIC ENEMY has come back to prove you can ways fight the power, even if people have forgotten about you. A magnificent work from beginning to end, its 1988 all over again. The sonic beats, the scratching, the hard rhymer and the lyrical joker hit you with a force so strong it sends chills down your spine. Throw away all of your so called "New Hip Hop" cds (Young Jeezy,cash money,blah, blah, blah,etc...)and find out what the heart and soul of hip hop is all about. FIGHT THE POWER!WHY DON'T YOU HAVE THIS ALBUM ALREADY??? GET IT!
This game is boring, visuals are bland and it's very repetitive. this game is 2 stars as best. avoid at all costs.
I hung out on the now defunct MED Listserv for years, I've been to workshops all over the Southeast, I've met so many of the names mentioned, been involved in the same politics etc. The more things change, the more they stay the same.I recommend this book to anyone in the belly dance scene. You'll not only recognize names, events etc, but you'll see the same dramas and bits of intrigue are still playing out. As well as the pure fun of the dance and how it transforms us all. It's so real and so true. What a delightful read (and Aunty Rocky really is a fabulous dancer and a big ole softy when you take classes from her).
When I got this I was very sceptical. After one listen, my 1st thoughts were: There is no way that I am gonna end up liking some 25 year old band that has &quot;woooohoohoo my, my, woohoohoo&quot; in one of their songs. I was dead wrong. I've been told this is the greatest seller of all time, and I can easily believe it. Every single song is GREAT (though some are less great that others, but still very worth listening to). IMHO what makes this Album really shine is the combination of very relatible lerics and above average music. The lyrics are probably what keep me coming back to listen to it again and again, though. The only bad thing that I could possibly say about this is that some songs haver a country-ish flavor to them, which might not appeal to some of us.. I, however am fine with it (I normally don't listen to country) and I think you will be, too.
tasteless like they say. You could also see the difinition in my muscles i feel and look like the hulk :)
from Blue Jean Onlineby Truc Doan, Teen EditorSociety loves to label teenagers. Each generation is studied, packaged, and shipped out with a name. What will this generation of the new millennium eventually be called? Will it be Generation Destruction, Generation Party, or Generation Privileged? To prove that teenagers in America aren't just a bunch of lazy couch potatoes, Elizabeth Rusch has put together a collection of stories about young people who have done something to change the world for the better. These stories vary--for example, one is about a young girl who gave an intelligent speech, while another is about a boy who managed to collect hundreds of cereal boxes for the hungry.After every story, there is a "What You Can Do" list and quotes from other young people with ideas. The common thing among all the stories (and the thing that makes each story so endearing) is that these kids did not start out wanting to change the world. They just saw something wrong and decided to fix it. After every story there is "Your Solution," a blank page where you can write how you would or could change the world.What I found particularly inspiring about this book is that none of the kids even considered the possibility that their ideas would not work. They just knew it could be done. Some of these kids had intelligence on their side, others just plain courage. It doesn't matter, though, because in the end all of their dreams became a reality. We know because their stories are in this book.
The Da Vinci Code is an enjoyable thriller, and includes a number of interesting alternative historical tidbits. Unfortunately, Brown is no Umberto Eco, who could have done much more with the subject matter. The characters are wooden, and the plot depends too much on explication through unrealistic dialogue (including a number of long discussions in dangerous situations). The short chapters punctuated by cliffhangers seem to form a bit of a rhythm after a while. All in all, though, it is a good and interesting read.
Thankfully, Harry Potter & Co. are getting a little more grown up, and facing more grown-up (and serious) situations. Bad news for Harry, but good news for us, since there's a lot more drama in menace.One of the most stark realizations is how adult the actors are starting to look. I guess anyone who's ever said, "They grow up so fast" can really relate. At the same time, the players are very at home in their characters; they're more relaxed, we can sit back and let the story unfold.And unfold it does. As is typical, Rowling has written a lot into the book, and it's a challenge to make a movie that isn't fourteen hours long trying to capture all the detail. The movie succeeds admirably at keeping a whole tapestry of threads moving along.I have a slight problem with character motivation, as I've had with several of the books/movies; I think Rowling has characters do things that move the plot but don't support the characters' personalities. (Like she cares what I think.) Still, nothing got in the way of my enjoying the movie.
When my spouse and I first married, we purchased the Sango Nova brown dinnerware set because of the simplicity and coloring of the set. Unfortunately, the set was not durable due to cracking and we have replaced the set with some else. This saddens me because we did like the the set, but it just was not high quality.
Michael Douglass and Kathleen Turner and their dysfunctional marriage make for some hilarious dialog and scenes Danny DeVito adds to the fun and I thought he did well in direction of the film. The movie is a little old now but if you have not seen it just go ahead and buy it since the prices are great and you will need this one in your library. GREAT MOVIE. I will always tell it like I see it. SCOTT M
Like Helen Morgan's "Applause", the film version of "Two For the Seesaw" gives its viewers a seldom seen look at the real theatre world of New York City in the 20th Century. This is a gritty, realistic love story on the cold, hard streets of New York that somehow is still able to show the real romance of the giant city. Not unlike the neo-realism of Fellini, Viscounti and Pausolini, "Two for the Seesaw" shows how actors and artists romatically collide with everyday people as they barely hang onto their dreams. Shirlely MacLaine lived this life before "The Pajama Game" and probably had friends like Gittel Mosca who were still striving for greatness long after MacLaine was a star. And Robert Mitchum, always surprising in roles in which he seemed to be wrongfullly cast, was never better. All this superior quality is magnified in the beauty and clarity of black and white. Don't read the following reviews. Those people have never been in love and working in the theatre in New York. I have and know how right-on this film is. It should be on DVD in widescreen. I've copied it off TCM and treasure my VHS in letterbox.
For some reason, it took me awhile to get into this, but, once I did, I was hooked. The second and third portions of the novel were so strong and emotional - yet so subtle and graceful. &quot;Collies&quot; felt as if it stood alone, although equally enjoyable. Highly recommended!
Berio's &quot;Sinfonia&quot; (1968) is probably his most famous piece. It's often named as his masterpiece, sometimes even as the greatest piece written after World War II. &quot;Laborintus II&quot; (1965) is also an amazing piece of music, though, and I think it makes an excellent companion to the later work. Both are pieces for a large group of instruments and a small group of vocalists. Both have a theatrical element. Both use the human voice in unconventional ways. Both were written in the 1960s. Both are breathtakingly beautiful, unabashedly modern, and unlike any music that came before. Despite these similarities, though, the pieces are hardly identical. While &quot;Sinfonia&quot; is in five movements, only one of which exceeds 10 minutes, &quot;Laborintus II&quot; divides its 33 minutes into only two sections. While the former is highly structured, the latter is more free-form and through-composed. While the former is very focused and much of it is static, the latter is all over the place and can be overwhelmingly propulsive. And the &quot;Sinfonia&quot;'s third movement, based on a Mahler scherzo and containing a huge number of quotations, finds its equivalent in &quot;Laborintus II&quot; with the opening of the second movement, which takes off like an avant-garde jazz piece which soon dissolves into spatterings of tape-music in one of the most effective uses of electronics I've ever heard.By the way, if you're into avant-garde rock at all, you /definitely/ owe it to yourself to get this CD. This piece is essentially the classical equivalent of Legendary Pink Dots' &quot;So Gallantly Screaming&quot; from _Asylum_.
This minor blues book CD set was so impressive that I rushed off and bought the major blues set as well.Why? Because the book is beautifully laid out with just the right amount of information to get you going, and to support you in the right keys while you play. There is a lovely balance between text and space, so that the pages are easy to read. You have scales and a suggested tune that you can use as a starting point for your own improvisation.The CD is really beautifully done as well, and makes you sound as if you are playing like an angel, when perhaps you aren't. Sometimes backing CDs can sound like someone with a beer can at his elbow banging on old synthesiser with a wooden spoon. This one is nothing like that, it is very elegant and slick string bass, drums and piano trio, who can be added or removed using the balance control on your stereo system.I challenge anyone not to sound good, or to play better after owning this and using it over a few months.Good luck!
I have just picked up this CD and all that I can say is &quot;WOW!&quot;Miss. Whitney put so much effort into this album and sounds like she is getting her life back together. And the voice..Oh my gosh it is better than ever!! This is so much better than her previous album, Just Whitney and even certain tracks on My Love Is Your Love. This is truly and album that EVERYONE will love for the holiday season. A must-buy!!!
Megadeth have always been a great band, but they had sufferred at times from inconsistency in an album. &quot;Rust in Peace&quot; is the only other album of theirs which is as consistent as &quot;Youthanasia&quot;. Mustaine's singing on this is the most coherant he's ever been and the lyrics address interesting issues. More progressive than usual and the solos are incredible - even for Megadeth, they're incredible! Tracks 5,6 and 7 are the slowest period of the album, but they're still not bad. At other times, you will be blown away by this melodical metal. In tradition speed metal fashion, the first and last tracks are the most frantic. &quot;Toute la monde&quot; is my favourite
This review is specific to the Audio CD. I had both watched the documentary and read the book of the Smartest Guys in the Room, and loved them. I found this to have some new info, but I generally don't buy the idea in this audio CD, which is largely that Fastow was a criminal and that Skilling and Lay were just out of it. There are a lot of melodramatic moments in the audio CD that are obnoxious, like, "[Without knowing it, they had just given Fastow a loaded gun. And he was ready to use it]." The narrator does an okay job; he has a deep voice and sounds like someone on educational films, but you can only listen to these CDs for an hour or so before you become bored. And I say that as someone obsessed with Enron... For instance, quite a lot of the specific details regarding the off book partnerships show up in the audio CDs, which is not terribly exciting to start with. I also don't agree with Eichenwald's claim that this presentation is all very accurate, on the grounds that he has reconstructed actual conversations. Any reconstructions of conversations are necessarily biased or colored by the recollections of the participants in those conversations, and of course, by the fact that there are conversations about which the author probably never hears! Probably less honest, really, that someone who just admittedly works with a party (like Mimi Schwartz with Sharon Watkins) and puts forth what we all know is a perspective.
This is one of my all time favorite recordings. I have this CD version, and a vinyl 2 disc set I got in the 70s. The variable audio quality and audience chatter are part of its charm. I love the ebullient intimacy and irreverance of "Space Oddity", the exhausted Bowie flubbing the lines to "Suffragette City" while the band roars on. Mike Garson's piano sounds unfortunately awful, but Trevor Bolder's bass parts are nimble and the magnificent Mick Ronson's wrecking ball guitar may damage your speakers. Consider yourself warned.
I love Sci/Fi fantasy and I enjoyed this book! And I'm well let us say not that young anymore! I have read all the Harry Potters and All the Young wizard series and it's pity that they're stuck over in the juvenille area!The interesting thing about this book is that the author is only 19 (well my daughter says he's 20 now!) This bodes well for lots and lots of great books!!! Can't wait for the second in the series!
Trisha Baker has created a masterpiece!For the people that haven't red the first book of the series "Crimson Kiss" i recomend that you read it,before this one.Two reasons for that.Firstly,i don't believe that this book stands alone.And secondly there is a lot of surprise if you have met Simon and Megan Previously.Megan is pregnant and the father is Lord Simon Baldevar.We have left Simon,a definately Gamma Male, being the crudest,moraless,creepy,cruelest, phycho hero that the paranormal romance has ever created.Megan is devastated that after her constant strugle to escape from him,finds herself enternaly bonded with the guy.She tries to come to terms with the fact(not mildly of course) and then the miracle happens.I mean,that if i haven;t red the first book,then i would be positive that the heroes are not the same.Through the whole book,we learn how Simon became a vampire,his past and his strugle to survive.It is a magnificent book and definately the best of the trilogy
The Mayor of L.A. assigns Robert Stack to head a team to catch a nun-killer but since the killer's identity is known to the audience from the very beginning, there's not much suspense here, and even a pro like director Walter Grauman can't overcome the script's distasteful quality. A young Tom Selleck plays a cop but he's not allowed to fully display his talents. (In other words, he keeps his clothes on.)
I love Schaum's Outlines, I believe the series writers have done more for my academic careers than my professors and their respective "recommended" texts. This book, like others of the series, is simply problem after problem. You will know your stuff if you practice with this book. Be aware that I did mention that this book is more helpful than my professors and their "recommended" textbooks, but that still doesn't mean you should simply study from this one text. It is to be used in conjunction with other learning materials.Doing so will really prepare you, especially if you are like a person like me that complains about never having enough examples/practice problems. Well... let's just say that after buying and using this book, you'll wish you had enough time to go through all the practice problems. Seriously, there are a LOT OF PRACTICE PROBLEMS.The best part about the Schaum's Outlines series is that each section starts of easy to test/teach the basics. Don't feel like you are being thrown into a pool without knowing how to swim.
I love all of the Callahan Garrity books, and I own the entire series. This was my favorite out of all them. The suspense and twists and turns keep you on the edge of your seat, but the humor and heart are the backbone of the books. I love that the Callahan books are set in Atlanta; it's so much more refreshing than the typical New York or LA settings that many books use. I wish Ms Trocheck would write more Callahan books, but from what I can see, she has moved on to romances (written under the name Mary Kay Andrews) which are still good, but not as good as Callahan.
This book was just all over the place. The core story was engaging, but then the author decided it was necessary to take the reader off on confusing, unnecessary, ridiculous, and frankly, unbelievable side-plots. Why?! After dragging the reader through endless chapters of what I can only describe as a farce, she left off with an ending that was abrupt and dissatisfying! Very disappointing read.
Glow By Jennifer Lopez For Women. Body Lotion 6.7 Ounces is teh perfect size for travel and home use. It has a soft, non instrusive fragrance...I high recommend this product
License To Drive isn't as good as The Lost Boys, another 80's movies starring the two Corey's. But it is pretty entertaining. It's not a laugh a minute or anything, but it does have enough laughs to make me recommend it. The best is saved for late in the movie, when Corey Haim has to drive his grandpa's car backwards to get his pregnant mother to the hospital. That scene is a riot! And Heather Graham sure was cute in this movie, and had killer legs.
This is a very good account of what happened in Cambodia in 1970. The author worked for Time in Saigon, and was ousted to cover Laos and Cambodia because of his anti war views. A Vietnamese friend he worked with in Saigon was critical in his survival in Cambodia.In Cambodia, he sees the massacre of Cambodians by the Vietnamese, and the massacre of Vietnamese by Cambodians. Vietnamese in Cambodia ran most of the businesses and had the skilled labor knowledge. Cambodians resented this.Several reporters died covering the Cambodian fighting, including Sean Flynn, the son of Errol Flynn.The author saved a bunch of Vietnamese from slaughter by the Cambodians.Later, he was captured by the Cambodians and turned over to the North Vietnamese. The North Vietnamese checked his background to determine whether or not to shoot him.Because of his friendship of a Vietnamese who also worked for Time, his life was spared.In 1985 the author returned to Vietnam and visited his old Time friend. It turned out he was a Col in the North Vietnmaese army.The Col explained that he was not killed while a captive as they were friends.He also describes the battles with Time staff and his marriage.
I personally think this is a cool game. I had no expectations coming into the game like &quot;this is twisted metal on water&quot;, or things like that so I was not disappointed. I usually don't try to guess what a game is like and see if it can stand on its own merits.Anyway the most ackward part of the game is getting use to how the boats handle. I was &quot;expecting&quot; arcade style controls, and what I got were more simulator type controls and the boats actually handle as you might expect a boat to handle. Takes longer to turn, not as tight, wakes slow you down, etc. After getting use to this I liked it.The only odd thing is that the hardness seems to be inconsistent. When I am playing on an easy level sometimes it seems &quot;easy&quot; others it seems more difficult. But it really is not annoying it keeps things interesting.The best graphics in this game is by far the water and its fluid motions, almost gets you sea sick. It is really cool.This is a fun game to play, the story mode may not take too long to complete, but head to head and eventually on-line capabilities will keep this a hot title for some time.
This is one hell of a solid film. In fact this the film I'd kill for. This one has all the right story elements I crave and a gritty, realistic style that doesn't try to fake.The acting is solid for a bunch of unknowns, which is good as the director really cared enough about the story to give us the best of the best. The story is well-thought out and incredibly creepy. I once had a dream about rats and this is like that nightmare only ten fold.I love the suspenseful pacing as when the stuff hits the fan it goes into a frenzy! I love the music in the barroom when the rat people begin attacking, very wonderful and carefully timed moment in the film.The story revolves around the tenants of Mulberry St. aparment complex scheduled to be torn down because of a big shot developer in town. The big thing I noticed is that the developer is acknowledged, but not enough to be distracting like a random scene where he is acting villianously. This would've killed the momentum here, as the story is about the people of Mulberry St., not the developer. So future director's please note you don't have to over do the villian, just make him present.Mulberry Street makes you care for it's people as it's everyday Joe Lunchbox, your friends and neighbors, that dysfunctional family down the street. Average people suddenly thrust into this out-of-control situation slowly building in the background. What's great about the film is the tension is like a rubber band, when it breaks, it explodes in your face and all hell breaks loose.The film has a very unique look to it as well, ranging from the artsy cover-your-hind-end shots to build up the story, to the gritty-down-in-the-trenches-filming-a-war shots that accent the action. Mulberry Street has atmosphere! Oh boy does it have atmosphere and does it play it up well. It's creepy and gritty, then it's sunshine and blue skies, alternating to make the horror all the more creepy.One of my favorite scenes is the when the daughter is returning from Iraq and she's running on foot through the park. The playground is obviously in shambles, hinting at something terrible happening without a dead body in sight, making the panic more believable when you hear the distant screams.And while you rarely see the monsters, you know they're there, hiding in the walls and crawling through the roof (one instance a chimney).In all I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS FILM! Absolutely! Anyone who is pursuing a career in film should sit up and take notes from this film, because this is how it's done!50stars out of 10.
If you guys are looking for an honest opinion on a table saw then you have come to the right guy. I purchased the saw from a small woodworking shop that sells mostly to professionals. After six months of research I decided to go and see the saws for myself. I looked at the delta 10" carpenters saw and the Jet 10" carpenters saw and the Powermatic 66. The owner of the shop was kind enough to have all three saws set up and ready for me to evaluate them. I gave each one the same tests.s Cross cuts,l ripping and just an overall testing. I least liked the jet. It was loud and had some vibration in it. the delta was ok, but it just didn't overimpress me. When I started up the Powermatic 66 i just stood there in awe. It was so quiet and smooth. No vibration. Just the whir of the blade. The cuts were fantastic and the left tilt is great. I haave a three hp model and I have never even felt the thing slow down, no matter what I was cutting. This saw is now over two years old and I feel the same way every time I start it. it is so heavy duty and solid that I know this machine will be with me until I die. You owe it to yourself to check it out. Oh, and one very important thing it is MADE IN THE USA.
The topic of covering the Globe Vendee race, the knockdowns, triumphs,rescues and death at sea is a formidable one and Derek Lundy to a degree succeeds in presenting the reader with a respectable portrayal of solo sail racing around the world's most dangerous ocean waters in the southern Antarctic seas. The book, however, moves from fantastic suspenseful portrayal of danger and rescue to the more mundane trivialities of &quot;who's out in the lead...who's bringing up the rear...who's moving ahead&quot; as if the reader had no idea of the outcome of the 1996-1997 Vendee-Globe race. (Maybe there are a great many readers who do not have any knowledge of the outcome of the event...but it's certainly not necessary to present this book in an anticipatory 'present tense' as if there was to be a surprise outcome). But do not despair as there is much to enjoy and learn in this book. One competitor takes up self-surgery to cut out infected parts of his arm and another competitor lashes himself to his inverted boat to await rescue in the cold Antarctic seas. The author's strongest presentation is when he delves into the minds of these solo around the world sailors. Why do they do this? And the very best story of all might have been missed by the author as the first woman to successfully complete the Globe-Vendee (Chabaud)slowly and steadily succeeds at the end of the pack. Her story needed to be told...at best she is followed by the author as he is obliged to keep the reader informed about all the boats in the race. I say read the book..but borrow it as it isn't a keeper in my library.
It was ok, my sister loved it, but then shes a dark shadows fan. I oirdered it for her birthday gift
This is an extremely dense book which is definitely worth reading. It contains the standard articulation of the Reformed view of man's relationship to Adam. If you purchase the book, or would just like to read a decent summary instead of buying it, perhaps the review below will be helpful. The paragraph breaks correspond with the chapter breaks.In the opening pages Murray concerns himself with the parallelism contained in Rom 5:12. He argues that the surrounding section is a sustained argument that draws a strong analogy between the work of Adam and of Christ and the Christian's relationship to each. He begins by discussing the syntactical construction of 5:12 and then surveys and refutes the Pelagian and Roman Catholic views. He also surveys Calvin's view and while Murray agrees with Calvin's general conclusions, he believes Calvin's exegesis is inaccurate. He is critical of the Pelagian and RC views in that they do not seem to reflect the one man and one sin terminology with which Paul connects humanity with the first and second Adam. What Paul is arguing according to Murray is that all of humanity stands with Adam as their representation to the extent that both his guilt and his corruption are imputed to them. And thus those who stand with Christ as their representative receive both forgiveness and righteousness by imputation.Murray then examines more deeply the nature of man's solidarity with Adam. He interacts with the realist view and the representational view. These two views attempt to explain the specific ground of the imputation of Adam's first sin with humanity that goes beyond the simple fact that there exists genealogical solidarity between Adam and humanity. The realist position, it seems is looking for a way to remove the difficulties regarding the punishment of someone for a sin in which he did not participate. The realist argues that human nature was present in its entirety in Adam and that each person thereafter is an individualization of this human nature and is therefore guilty of Adam's sin. But since they were really present in seed form in Adam, it is just to hold them guilty for there participation in Adam's sin. Adam's sin is therefore imputed to humanity in an immediate way. In the representational view, Adam's sin is imputed to humanity in the very same way (parallelism again) that Christ's righteousness is imputed to the believer.Murray says that mediate imputation emphasizes the hereditary corruption as the medium or means by which Adam's sin is imputed to his posterity. This is to say that man sins because he is born corrupt, but he is only guilty in that he himself sins as a moral agent. Murray characterizes the immediate position as God looking on posterity as being one with their father Adam and their sin coexisting with his just as if it were theirs. He then argues for immediate imputation in four extended arguments. The first seems to me to be the most compelling and easiest to summarize. Murray's basic exegetical point stemming from Romans 5 has been that Paul's "one sinned" and "all sinned" language refers to the same sin viewed from the participation of Adam and his posterity. In other words, there is exact correlation between the manner and nature of sin of Adam and his posterity. Thus, since there is not any medium between Adam's sin and the death inflicted upon him, neither should we interject any medium between the sin and punishment in the case of Adam's posterity.Chapter Four is probably one of the more difficult to comprehend and summarize, especially because of his use of Latin terminology which he does not define. But with the use of a Latin dictionary, Murray's critique of Hodge on imputation and his alternative position become clearer. Hodge argues that the imputation of Adam's sin to his posterity consists simply in the obligation to satisfy justice, i.e., the exposure to punishment on account of Adams sin - the reatus poenae. Murray responds that the reatus poenae, may be imputed only if the reatus culpa is also imputed. In other words, the demerit, or guilt of Adam's sin must also be imputed as possession of his posterity before any obligation to satisfy justice can also be imputed. The guilt is the ground of the punishment. So, Murray contends that the biblical teaching on imputation is hung delicately between two poles. On one hand, it is more than judicial liability, but it is less than considering posterity to have eaten the fruit in the same way that Adam did - it was his action not theirs. The biblical position is that in Adam's sin, humanity was constituted sinners in the same manner that the elect are constituted as righteous - parallelism again.
I bought this album without knowing anything about the artist. But once I played this CD I knew instantly that I had found a treasure. This is some of the most passionate music I have ever heard. It almost leaves you breathless. It is good background music for a romantic evening or if you want to get your heart racing during a power walk. Simply put...it is superb!!
Pretty good Film Noir.An honest union head,Arthur Blane(Dick Foran)is framed by crime czar Ken Harrison(Douglas Kennedy)for murder.Blane is put away which leaves the mob free to go to town.The DA Jim Fremont(Brian Keith)doesnt believe Blane is guilty and sets up a new investgation.One of the witnesses to the crime is Duggan(Elisha Cook JR)once a high ranking union offical,now a hobo and drunk.See if the Honest DA can come out against all odds.
i read this entire book the day i received it. ole is our link with a part of wrestling history that is important if you want to understand the real workings of the business. the stories in this book are great, and they include his vast experience with ALL of the top guys. i believe his criticism of flair is 100% justified and accurate, and it's finally time that someone tells the truth about him. ole pulls no punches, and i admire him for his courage. he didn't write this book to make friends; he wrote it to tell his side of the story truthfully, which he does impressively.
The power switch is on the side which is less convenient than having it on the handle, the color of the one we received was kind of a rusty orange - we would have definitely preferred the dark red.BE CAREFUL ABOUT LETTING THE CORD RETRACT TOO FAST - there's this little plastic guide thing that broke 2 months after we fot it - I think my wife or I let the cord come back too fast - wil report back on how Panasonic warranty service is....The HEPA filters are kind of expensive and hard to find. MC-V193H is the part number. I was able to find some NOS V190H for half the price - MC-V190H is the old part number and fits this perfectly.Like our other one we expect to replace the belt once a year but it's easy to do by yourself.Plenty of power, fairly quiet operation, lightweight. It's our second Panasonic Vacuum and we love it 'nuff said. (First is still going strong, but we tired of lugging up and down stairs)The problem with Panasonic Warranty repair is that they have significantly reduced the locations where their vacuums are sold and repaired. We have a problem now with this vacuum - the hard floor setting won't stay put. I drove it to Jackson (About 45 minutes away) and they fixed it, but now the problem has come back.Have to decide whether it is worth another try. Quality doesn't appear to be as good as our 8 year old Panasonic vacuum which is still going strong.
Before I really get started, I would like to make it known that the sixth track on this album, titled `Easier to Run', is THE GREATEST song on any LINKIN PARK album. As far as I'm concerned, THIS song is everything "Crawling" wanted to be.I got this a week after it came out in May of 2003. I used to like it a lot more, enough for 5 stars, but now it's kinda lost a little of it's `shine', so to speak. More to the point, the songs that annoy me are `From the Inside', `Figure .09', `Numb', and... I think that's all. These tracks are just sorta empty and soul-less. There not very memorable, hence the 4 stars. The rest of the tracks are all great, but the following are my:TOP PICKS!!!!!- `Lying From You' - the fourth single, I believe. A very strong track with GREAT vocal melody from Chester and, as usual, venomously smooth rapping from Mr. Shinoda. A STRONG highlight track off the album. Interesting samples at the beginning, leading into the massive, pounding riff that beats the frikin pants off your grandma. Again, the rapping is awesome, some of the best of LP's career.- `Easier to Run' - Best song by LP. Strongly in the vein of `Crawling', but this captures the emotional depth of it's message PERFECTLY. The singing is PERFECT, the soft riff is PERFECT, everything just fits this song's mood with absolute PERFECTION. `Crawling' was an INCREDIBLY overrated song, in the same way this song is incredibly under-appreciated. This is ten times the song `Crawling' ever was. In my opinion. There's incredibly drumming as well.- `Don't Stay' - Probably my second favorite off the album. HUGE riff, loud'n'heavy, just how we like it. Chester's voice truly shines on this song, going from strong vocals to hectic screams that set the tone for the entire album. Not much rapping, which is just as well, as I've always thought Chester's voice should get mainstage a bit more often. A great opening track, sets the whole album's pace brilliantly.- `Nobody's Listening' - This... this rocks. A mainly rap track, with a Japanese flute sample beneath Mike's insane raps, moving the song smoothly and quickly along and giving the song a strongly `hip-hop' edge. The chorus has Chester almost-screaming an AWESOME hook, with the guitars few but heavy. A great combination of elements, bringing this song together and becoming one of the catchiest of LP's career.The rest of the album is really great, except for the tracks that suck, which I covered earlier. Worth your $, and this is a very worth addition to the lovely, dark, scary, beautiful world of all that is LINKIN PARK. And by the way, if you really suck, then you won't like this album, and you should probably go listen to some REAL music. Whatever THAT is. 4 stars.
Well, first of all, I don't know about you guys, but whenever I buy CDs, I make a point of listening to them first - either online, or at my local music store. So there are loads of people out there who don't bother to do this, it seems, and then get mad because they've wasted their precious cash. Too bad, I say to you - next time, listen up! Second of all, is it success that makes people get so virulent? Honestly, if NJ's second album had been radically different, I might have liked it, but the reason I went and gave it a listen was because I liked the first. So no, I don't mind a second album in the same style. If I hadn't - wouldn't have bought it. Not even on the offchance that I would get to like it. I'm not stupid.Anyhow, I thought these reviews were supposed to be about the albums - not turn into personal criticisms of people's whispery voices, family backgrounds, whatever. Looks like a lot of people need to get a life and spend less time writing sad reviews. The curse of the computer age.......
Why I completed this book baffles me. It was predictable (come on guys- &quot;thrilling?&quot;) and shallow. There were typos in the book and the grammar needed a review of it's own. The characters were shallow, too perfectly beautiful or handsome, and it read like a cheap beach novel. This is my first Sandra Brown and will be my last. This book is a lightweight and belongs in &quot;no literary value&quot; section of the bookstore.
Madonna has reinvented herself once again. Her album Music is a combination of pop-style that she has defined the past twenty years and the introspective style of her ray of light put into one. The album is satisfying on many levels and leaves the listener wanting more. Music in my opinion is the lower quality songs on the album and it itself is spectacular. Madonna's creative ability really has a chance to shine with songs like Impressive Instant and What It Feels Like For A Girl. I highly reccommend this album it is so wonderful you will enjoy hearing it again and again.
I liked this "journal". My beau and myself filled it out together. The questions are simple to answer, but do require some thought. I learned things about him, and he about me...that we didn't know. This book will bring couples closer. Makes for a fun, at home, date night.
I first read this when it came out almost 30 years ago. It helped soothe my teen age fevered mind, and begin the journey to knowing things as they are.
I gave this to my friend for Christmas. It's not totally her style but I couldn't resist, this bracelet is beautiful. Looks even better than in the picture.
I'm a capitalist and an Ayn Rand fan. But there's a reality out there that many do not want to accept: certain novels just don't work and can't work on the big screen. This is not the first Ayn Rand novel to be made into a movie. The first one was "The Fountainhead." The hero of that novel gives a speech which reads:"Thousands of years ago, the first man discovered how to make fire. He was probably burned at the stake he had taught his brothers to light."Centuries later, the first man invented the wheel. He was probably torn on the rack he had taught his brothers to build. He was considered a transgressor who ventured into forbidden terrritory. But thereafter, men could travel past any horizon. He had left them a gift they had not conceived and he had opened the roads of the world."And it goes on like that for many more paragraphs.It makes for powerful prose in a novel. Delivered by a character onscreen, it's sounds and looks ridiculous. I'm sorry, it just does.Atlas Shrugged shrugged encounters then same problem.A typical exchange in the film goes like this:MYSTERIOUS STRANGER: "Midas Mulligan?"MM: "Who are you?"STRANGER: "Someone who works for himself and not let others feed off the profits of his energy."Once again, riveting prose in a novel, ludicrous dialog onscreen.Simply put, Atlas Shrugged the novel is more of a philosophy handbook than a novel. Turning such a tome into a screenplay is a near-impossible task. Powerful ideas can't be easily condensed into sound bytes, and no one should try.But the other problem with the film is that it takes place in the 21st century, whereas the novel was written in the 1950s. Railroads were a great innovation back then maybe. This is the age of the passenger jet, the iphone, and the electric car. A movie about railroad companies is by itself a dated concept.Read the novel. It's great and this movie seems just like a cheap way to make a buck that failed.
i know this review is nothing new to anyone rerading this but this album is a great heavy album containing awsome fast solos awsome vocals a deffinate buy. but what this review is really about is that faggot who sayss it sucks if he is serious he should die in hell and be sen to the first plain of hell and be forever stung by wasps and demons breathe go listein to slipknot atreyu and all youre othe homoerotic bands you little poser
Starting at the age of 15 way back in 1966, Janis Ian was a child prodigy as both a performer and songwriter with the release of her "Society's Child (Baby I've Been Thinking}" a brave and controversial song about interracial dating that became a Top Ten hit. She has had hits and multiple Grammies since then including that standard of female teenage angst "At Seventeen" and become a highly successful writer of hits for others. However, in a youth obsessed market, her individualistic folk style fell out of commercial favor and she has released a series of brilliant records on a succession of smaller and smaller labels.This album, from Janis' personal vaults is a collection of unreleased songs that didn't make it onto previous albums or alternate takes on ones that did and the only real question is "why haven't we heard these sooner?" Much of this album, such as the title song, "Don't Rush The River", "Holes", "As Far As Lonely Goes", "You Don't Know My Heart" and "Childhood Hero" (written at the request of Donny Osmond but never recorded by him) are as good as anything that appears on any of Janis' commercial albums. If you like open, honest songwriting accompanied by first class guitar playing and a velveteen voice that cushions the sorrow and anger while still bringing the power, this is for you.
Fedde Le Grand...a previously unknown DJ (to me) until now. Well, he really delivers on a label (MOS) that is traditionally known for very commercial releases. Here's the breakdown:Disc #1 starts out with a couple of slower BPM vocal tracks. Track 3 is where you can tell that Fedde is going to start tightening the {screws). Great buildup track...only to bring the listener back with great vocal track "work it." The rest of this particular CD is more of the same. Lots of vocals...which can sometimes ruin a compilation. Not in this case. A great track selection...except for a track called "My mind is twisted." Terrible song.More standout tracks on disc 1:-Mister right-I'm rushing (great bassline drop song)Disc 2...YES. More of the same. You will be able to see the progression through the first 5 tracks as to how the BPM increases...oh so steadily. "Creeps" is yet another vocal track only to be followed by a couple of "filler" type selections in the middle of the cd. However, the track "Sex-O-Matic" is pretty ridiculous. Great track with a sexxy brazillian voice throughout. Follow this awesome track up with the HUGE club hit "Touch Your Toes"...and you will find yourself out of your seat dancing. At this point..Le grand winds down our journey with a nice finish.Excellent track selection (except for My Mind Is Twisted). Get this...
My husband's parents bought him a Kindle 2 for his birthday a few weeks ago. Thus far, we haven't been able to put it down! And, we are seriously considering purchasing a second Kindle 2 so we no longer have to squabble over sharing the first.We had a slight problem with downloading the books: my husband and I are recently married. When we registered the Kindle, we registered it under my Amazon.com account. Shortly after registering the Kindle (and successfully downloading several books), I changed the e-mail address and name on my Amazon.com account. After that change, we could no longer download books wirelessly. I sent a customer service e-mail to Amazon.com, and we ultimately decided to reset the Kindle to factory standards. We haven't had any problems downloading books wirelessly since I re-registered the Kindle 2 under my new e-mail address.We are having so much fun finding bargain books to read. And, I even got interested in a new series after the first book was offered as a $0.00 download.I'm so excited about this product, and we cannot wait to take it with us on our honeymoon this summer!
Beautiful looking but the quality is sub-par to say the least. I had bought this piece along with two bowls which had plastic lids. This one broke after one use, the lids didn't fit my bowls. Poor to no quality control in this product.
This book challenged me during college (pre-marriage), and again during Seminary (after-marriage). As a pastor in a young church-I recomend this book all the time with great results. It forms the basis of 90% of my pre-marital counseling, also with great results. It is biblical, practical, and deeply challenging. I am convinced that any marriage would benefit from reading this book-regardless of age.Many people find themselves opened up to a whole new world as they begin to grasp some of the concepts in this book, such as the difference between ministry and manipulation, soul oneness and body oneness, and the ultimate source of security and significance (which Crabb makes very clear that it must be Christ).I ask couples to read the book slowly on thier own and then go through the study questions together perhaps on a date night. It is absolutely amazing what kind of discussions this book sparks between couples that have known each other for years.Buy this book!
From the samples, i gather that Ian Hobson has an ugly, wobbly voice, with no sense of line. Avoid this one!
I am a 23 yr old girl trying to work and make her why in this world of crappy jobs and disappointing opportunities. I found myself wanting to stand up and shout &quot;AMEN SISTER!!!&quot; several times during the reading of this book. One of Barbara's main points is that even though she's got a PHD, and is highly educated, she oftentimes still finds herself as &quot;unskilled&quot; as the day she graduated high school; that low-wage work is just as challenging and trying as any &quot;skilled&quot; job. Barbara isn't trying to make herself out to be some hero or noble heart; she's simply asking the question: &quot;Is this (working yourself bone-tired everyday, sacrificing an insane amount of money on rent for below-standard quarters) any way to LIVE????? And she freely admits she didn't go as far or as low as she could've. For example, she has no young children she has to take care of or spend child care on.For those of us that live the low-wage life everyday, to those who are better off, this is a book EVERYONE needs to read. Period.
First off the screws would not fit in the areas they were supposed to go in. Secondly, box was not packaged, merely taped up on the sides and sent to me like that. Overall, I would never recommend this product to anyone or the person who sold it.
How can anyone not like this movie? It's hilarious but still has some seriousness to it. I love Alec Baldwin and Meryl Streep together, it just works.
I picked this up for our daughter, and while at the time she was too young to use the walker part of it, she has definitely spent a lot of time with the music/shapes/sounds portion. I am a bit disappointed with the way the music and sounds are programmed, however. Hitting a piano key will give you a color, but if you hit it again, it will play a sequence of notes up to that key. I don't know how effective this toy can be at reinforcing concepts/words if they change each time you press the key. The other annoying things is that if you leave it on but don't touch it for a couple of minutes, the intro song starts to play by itself, as if the toy were trying to get your baby's attention. The walker portion is something our little one has just discovered, and she seems to like it. There are two speed for the wheels, which is nice, though I would have loved to see rubberized wheels. All in all, it's a fun toy, and we've more than gotten our money's worth.
I recently purchased this set as it has a good number of songs on the two-disc set and because it is easier to carry around in the car than the three-disc "Clouds in My Coffee" boxed set. Actually, this set is sort of patterned after "CIMC" as the first disc contains her bigger hits and the second disc some of her less known, but popular work.*Why the 3.9 rating??? WHAT HAPPENED TO "HELLO BIG MAN"?? HBM is one of my favorite sentimental, maudlin, feel-good songs that Carly has ever performed. (The music video gives me the warm tingles too!) Several of Carly's tunes echo memories and feelings about growing up in her family. Why is this one being overlooked? Carly's emotions came through in both this song and the video. It wasn't included in the "CIMC" set either. I will have to wait for the "ultimate" Carly Simon Best of CD, that will hopefully include HBM too! &lt;smile>I am glad the set does contain "Jesse." I've always considered this to be a "classic" Carly Simon song with the female background vocals and orchestrations. The song has an infectious nature that you cannot help but sing along to and I've always felt has been a bit "overlooked."Other than those two personal "editorials," this is a wonderful CD set. If you do not own any or a limited number of Ms. Simon's albums, this CD does give a good representation of the spectrum of her songs and talent. Very few people are completely satisified with a "best of" compilitation sets, especially with artists such as Carly Simon. She has such a large volume of quality work, it's almost impossible to cover it all. Many familiar with her songs will enjoy listening to the remastered orchestrations, which produced a clearer sound in a lot of the music. Some of the tunes will sound a bit different because of the clarity and you'll hear instruments emphaisized before that you may not be used to hearing before. Makes this set kinda fun!I've always considered Carly Simon to be one of the better and more influential recording artists over the past 3+ decades. This is a good boxed set that stands alone on its own and worth the purchase for both long-time fans and newcomers to her music.
Looks to me like Andy Viterbi pulled together some of the technical papers done at Qualcomm while developing CDMA. Of all the books Viterbi has written (or contributed to) this one seems like it was done in extreme haste. I disagree with other reviewers that claim he introduces the material well. No way.It is true that this book is a tour de force of the performance analysis of CDMA. However, I would not describe it as readable. Maybe, not that Viterbi has made his hundreds of millions of dollars, he take time out to write a second edition that is done right.
holes are either too small, or there aren't enough of them. I like that it's collapsible, but after just a few uses, it cracked along one of the collapsible bits. So I'm not too happy.
This is a great pill cutter. It's got a razorblade safety sheath that closes upon opening to get your pill (not childproof, just 'cut your finger while inserting/removing your pill' proof), a rubber grip on the top part where you close it so it doesn't slip out of your hand flinging everything on the floor, two flexible arms to semi-help hold your pill before cutting and a little reservoir for tapping the pill residue so it doesn't fall on the table or floor. My only two annoyances are that it could be a bit smaller, but the minus star is mainly for the rubber part that you place your pill on. This part makes the second piece of the rubber grip with the little gripping arms I mentioned earlier. The minor annoyance comes from having to brush the powder away from the rubber grip after each use. What they should have done was slant the entire holding piece downward so the pill doesn't fall out when cutting and kept the flexible rubber arms in order to stable the pill; then they could have eliminated the rubber base that takes a few extra seconds to clean. Still the best pill cutter I've seen on the market though; just short of perfect, that's all. Highly recommended! Happy pill cutting.07/11/11 Update:After about less than 75 pill splits, the plastic guard broke. So, there's a reason why it's only 3 bucks. That being said, I'd gladly forgo the cheap price and pay 2-3 bucks for a a thin flexible vinyl or other material that would've lasted much longer. I know that this problem was repeatedly shown during product testing and that's part of the reason I reduced the rating. If you can't integrate a feature into a product properly, then you don't add it at all. Product design 101. Oddly enough, it's well worth 3 bucks even without the guard, so why risk ticking so many people off? So, now (if you're reading this post-purchase) if you've gotten to this point, you can take a butter knife and just flick the plastic off of the tabs that whole them in place. You can pull the plastic off from the bottom and steer clear of having to mess around with the razor portion of the cutter. Now, you've turned a somewhat dangerous product around children into a digit reducing device, depending on how curious little jimmy is.
The first movie was a neat action flick with a simple plot. This is garbage. NO... the fight with Mario Van Peebles was good the fight between Van Damme and Bill Goldberg (playing re-animated corpes based cyborg Romeo) that fight was okay, but using terrible camera shots to make it look like Goldberg could throw a high sidekick, which no one really expects him to do. That's bad. or kicking a super-soldier into a dryer and turning it on rendering him powerless. That also is bad.Or the fact that common hospitol security looks like navy seals built like Goldberg and are allowed to work without sleeves and show off their tattoos, or here's a good one... Van Damme's charicter (he is alive in this one) is held in the air by his neck from a reannimated soldier, in a dying effort he grabs hospitol shock pads, and while the soldier is still holding onto his neck he with 3,000 volts, SHOCKS THE SOLDIER!! Van Damme's charicter is fine. The soldier who is supposed to have unlimited pain tolerance is stunned and lets go only to stand still and wait for blows. It's subtle things like these that concern me about this movie.It is not charming, or cool. All the fights except the final two are jokes. The robotic charicter of the blank soldiers is lost as these cyborgs make wise cracks, check out the ladies and hold grudges. Not the traumatic life into death type of grudges but the &quot;he beat me in the simulater game room and I want him to know that Im better&quot; type grudges. This also concerns me.If I could grade only mario van peebles's performance (one fight) I'd say five stars. but with all of these additional concerns I cant lawfully give it more than two.
To paraphrase Quentin Tarantino: "I believe the world can be split into two groups of people. Either you're an Elvis fan or you're a Beatles fan." I personally am a Beatles fan. I adjusted this statement to fit into my lifestyle better and I believe you are either a Star Trek fan or as Star Wars fan. I am firmly entrenched in the latter group of Star Wars fans (ducks the random items thrown at him).Despite the above, I have seen all but a couple of the Star Trek films (all the good ones and a couple of the not so good ones I didn't see the most recent couple of offerings) and remember enough about the TV series from my older brothers watching it to know enough about the characters and stories to follow along and be entertained.I loved this movie. It had a great feel to it. It really felt like Star Trek to me. I've heard complaints that they tried to turn Star Trek into Star Wars with this film but I humbly disagree. This movie had that Star Trek attitude and none of the Star Wars atmosphere. This movie was outstanding to the point that I am actually considering purchasing the DVDs of the original TV series.I have to say this is IMHO the second best Trek movie. Second only to Wrath of Khan, but it's close.
Emeril's books are sometimes criticized for the immense popularity of the writer. But this one does not deserve such an attack. I am an avid amateur chef who loves spicy food and New Orleans cooking. This book does a fantastic job of giving you the down earth cooking that we all need in our lives. Yet, to call some the recipes unsophisticated or the like would be an insult to the variety of flavors and techniques within its pages. I think this by far his strongest cookbook and one I have bought on a couple of occasions for friends. This is a great book.
This was USELESS to me and a lot of others.Difficult to set and I had no results!There is a product called "NoMol" it's what my EXTERMINATOR used.it's CHEAP, EFFECTIVE,but hard to find.My EXTERMINATOR trapped 10 moles last year and I've trapped 10 So Far this year!I have a lot invested in my Flower beds! these "Criiters" were DESTROYING them.I've tried everything from poison gummy worms to smoke bombs, Castor oil to castor beans.Gum, Bleach and contraptions like this that DO NOT WORK!Look at NoMOL on YouTUBE.... it was the ONLY thing that worked for me!The proff was always right there in that trap.20 dead Moles..... So Far!
Whenever we watch this DVD, we turn the sound all the way down, and listen to the CD. The way the audio goes up and down will make you sick. This DVD just can not stay with one song all the way through. It keeps on switching from one place to another. What a waste. Too bad : ( Skip this one!
I love this juicer! It is easy to use and amazingly powerful. I am HARD on my juicer and this sucker can turn almost anything into fresh yummy juice. It is powerful and NOT MADE IN CHINA - so it will likely last! Fior the money, it is completely unbeatable. I did some research and now I won it and I love it! Get it while it's hot - FAB product! EXCELLENT!
For all the people who label New Found Glory as pop-punk sellouts (which they might be) there is an equal number of people who still buy their records the day they drop. These are the people this energetic, if slightly repetitive album is marketed to. Jordan, with his instantly semi-fallsetto voice, is back for some more laments about love gone wrong and... Well, love gone right. &quot;Sticks and Stones&quot; explodes out of the blocks with &quot;Understatement,&quot; a catchy tune that can't be brought down. Following is a stellar example of the three chord guiter song NFG made their signature... &quot;My Friends Over You.&quot;&quot;Head On Collision,&quot; the fifth cut, is a &quot;Classic&quot; NFG bit, with suprisingly well rounded lyrics. &quot;Forget My Name&quot; is one the better tracks on S+Ss, although it defers to &quot;The Story So Far&quot; and &quot;Singled Out,&quot; both lyrically and musically proficient, though not stunning.All in all, this is is a worthwile effort set out by NFG that definitly deserves a listen. If you like bands like Simple Plan, The Ataris, and Blink-182, you're sure to appreciate the simplicity that truly is New Found Glory
Porque la bachata y el merengue no sale con un DVD de calidad.Porfavor Cervesa Presidente metan mano y hagan una production de nuestra musica dominicana como lo saben hacer.
I have no complaints with this flash drive. I have downloaded programs to it from the internet and have transferred files on/off to my computer. It performs flawlessly.The included compression software is a bonus. I haven't had the need to use it yet but it's there if I need to squeeze more data onto the drive.Some reviewers have complained about the speed. For them it's too slow. I don't share this complaint. I have no problem with how fast it transfers data. If it is too slow I haven't noticed, as I am rarely just sitting there waiting for it to finish. While it's doing its thing, I am checking my email, working on a doc, or surfing the net. By the time I'm finished, it's finished.Obviously, faster is better. But so is quality in this age of iffy performing technology. When I find something that works well and serves the purpose for which I purchased it to my complete satisfaction, I stick with it. I wouldn't hesitate to purchase this Sony flash drive again.The only issue I have is the price I've seen it sell for at many places. Thankfully Amazon has it priced reasonably but it generally sells for around $70 at most chain stores I've been to. I wouldn't pay nearly that much for it and I have no idea why it is priced so high.
A huge sci-fi and fantasy reader I am also getting ready to be a high school teacher of special ed, reading & English. This is a book that will go on my list of books to write lesson plans about and to make sure my students read. The one complaint I have about this book is that I'd read the Butler, Delany & Saunders already. Couldn't we have gotten new stories for this historic anthology? But other writers were a revelation to me.A great book! Nalo Hopkinson's story about a (...)gone amuck, Tannarive Due's story about the very human side of cloning and Steven Barnes' chilling almost apocalytic picture of a modern African state after a coup are all terrific reading-- and why my students -- and you -- should be excited!
I liked this book - it has its flaws but overall was enjoyable to read with a touching ending that made the less-than-perfect story worth the reading. The flaws? Too many time travel sequences. After the first 20 or 30, we get the idea but they keep coming on and on, sometimes not moving the story ahead at all. The genetics issues are absurd - much of that whole thing just gets in the way, to me anyway. But the connection between Clare and Henry I thought was strong enough to overcome the minor flaws, and I ended up thoroughly enjoying the book.4 out of 5 stars - well worth the time to read.
Read this one. It has that wonderful and rare convergence of a fantastic story, great science, and distinguished writing and storytelling. Richard Rhodes learned a lot for this, then distilled it down, synthesized the information, and made it fascinating. I don't have a single complaint, it's just great. Just read it again for the first time in twenty years. Only "tickling the dragon's tail" came back, which is dropping a slug of U235 thru a hole in another similar mass, an early experiment.
THis car seat is great! I love that you can use the infant seat until the baby is about a year old! Infants seats are so nice because you can carry the baby around from the house, to the car, clip in to the stroller and more! The seat is roomy, too.
I shot a feature film on this little baby. Works best under low light. For those who had problems with the camera, maybe you're just too dumb to make it work. Maybe you should go to film school like I did. No problemo. Great camera for the price. Only, i paid full price for it and now see Amazon.com had a much better deal! Ahhhh!
My four year old granddaughter is a puzzle whizz. I got this for her family as a Christmas Eve gift and she has done it several times since by herself. Sunout makes a nice durable puzzle.
Roxy Music was at its best in the years 1972-5, when they released 5 great albums. Then, they broke up for the first time and came back together in 1978 for the album &quot;Manifesto&quot;, that caused great dissapointment to the band fans. &quot;Manifesto&quot; started a new era of the band, that did'nt look back, and made something else, that in my opinion is nothing but great and clean productions of a weak, boring, and uninspired material. Fans like me, who felt unsatisfied from the new Roxy Music, started to look for bootlegs of live performances during the fruitfull years of 1972-75. One leagal album &quot;Viva!&quot; was released, but it was'nt enough. So it was a pleasent surprise to find the 2 CD's -&quot;Valentine&quot; and &quot;Vintage&quot; - that bring us rare recordings of the band, from the good years, that were taken from the German TV show &quot;Musikladen&quot; (made by Radio Bremen), and not only this - if you put them on your CD ROM you can watch the show! Also, the 2 CD's have nice booklets. This is why the prices are high. This is also why they sound more like a very good bootleg. All i can do is &quot;bravo&quot; NMC, for making such a good work. Suddenly you can see Ferry, Manzanera, McKay, Thompson, Jobson, Eno and even John Wetton almost 30 years ago. Right, &quot;Hard rains gonna fall&quot; is Ferry solo plus a playback, that starts from the middle of the song, but i can live with it. &quot;Psalm&quot; and &quot;If it takes all night&quot; are for the first time on a legal live album, and i enjoy every minute of them. Still i don't understand, why the company did'nt make &quot;Valentine&quot; and &quot;Vintage&quot; one dbl. CD album. After all, the 2 CD's bring us songs from the same shows (for example - &quot;Editions of you&quot; from &quot;Vintage&quot; came originaly after &quot;Do the Strand&quot; from &quot;Valentine), and even the pictures on the covers are 2 parts of the same photograph.
I still consider Nightwish's DVD to be the most perfect Concert DVD from a metal band ever. Compared to the entirely professional feel of that disc, or even the Vader dvd, this dvd's production feels a bit less pro than those, but the sound quality is perfect and the video quality is mostly perfect except for a few seconds before one song they use one of those filter effects that makes it look like it was shot on some ancient camera. And the last track "loss and curse of rev" isn't performed; its the same one as on the "Anthems" disc which, to me, isnt a bad thing. It does seem to look better on the dvd though, and sound a bit better. I bought this dvd partially for the music video because I love it...one of the most atmospheric videos I've ever seen (once you forget about the "I" shaped border still surrounding it.)The camera shots are like the main reason I say this feels less professional than those other 2 dvds mentioned. I'm a big fan of Trym, and there are several shots of him doin his thing, but there could have been a few more, especially during the breakdown of "Ye Entrancemperium", which is when he does the fastest blast of the concert. Yea I too have mixed feelings about the MTV-style video overlay montage during that part as well. I think it would have been preferable to just show the raw video, ANDD THE DRUMMER!!! RRGUGMFHGHGHR!!!!.Oh yea, last nitpick: I run my sound through the Klipsch 5.1 system (intended for PC use) where the amp is built into the sub, and I had to crank the volume all the way to max (80db) to get reasonably good sound level. I guess if you have a different setup with a real amp you can go higher and get it good and loud, but yes, the production level is a bit low, even for a DVD. Just turn the sucker up and it should be fine.Overall, if you like Emperor, this is a worthy dvd that you should enjoy. (And on a personal note: I think it's cool how they have custom Emperor logo'd garbs so they all match up and look like they are serious. That's also what I like about Vader's concert dvd--the appearance they give...no stupid jumping around and running around the stage like idiots, or mismatched clothes. They are color coordinated (black!) and are positioned in a diamond formation like so:...................................drummer...............................guitar............................bass..................................vocal/guitar..........and are focused on their playing rather than being "showy", a la KISS (bleh).
From the beginning this movie had disgusting filth in it. I couldn't watch it and threw the movie away. I used to think Jeff Goldblum a good actor but am disappointed he would make such a movie.
I'm not realy sure what's up with all the negative reviews. I read this book and absolutely loved it. It literally made me laugh and cry. The novel focuses on 6 girls, the "sucias" (dirty girls) who have been friends since college and meet twice a year to catch up. The chapters rotate with a different girl as the focus. There is Lauren, a journalist whose sarcastic remarks make you crack up; Usnavys, who is chubby, materialistic, and afraid to love a man who isn't rich; Rebecca, who seems cold and distant and whose upbringing makes her very conservative and afraid to show her feelings; Elizabeth, who is a dark-skinned Columbiana that everyone always assumes is African-American and also turns out to be an in-the-closet lesbian; Amber, a singer who considers herself Indian because of her indigenous Mexican roots and becomes obsessed to the point of renaming herself Cuicatl; and Sara, who has a marriage her friends envy but isn't as perfect as it seems. The characters are compelling and even if the story seems far-fetched at times (hello, that's why it's called FICTION), the emotions are raw and real. The Dirty Girls Social Club is a novel that is so many things: a romance, a friendship story, a study of contemporary latin culture, it even deals with homosexuality and abuse. Pick it up if you want a light read that turns out to be much more.
I decided to give this a glowing review even though before hearing it I was not a fan of Miles Davis" music after his "retirement"(retirement is in quotes if you read his autobiography you will understand). This is simply everything you could think of hearing from Miles after 1983. It also is almost entirely new music!! I had to hear the first two discs which are from 1973 and found them to be good but really he wasnt making anything bad at that time, And although I admit to not likling his 80s stuff at first I grew to love it through this box set!! The Cindi Lauper cover is unrecognizable to the original and that is good for jazz fans I think. The real treat for me was the already relased on a single disc from WB giant 50+ band Miles worked with in 91. The Gil Evans orchestra under the direction of Qunicy Jones is worth hearing on its own too so if the money for this is quite insane and it is because i still havent bought it get that album separte. The last disc shows a changing Miles again which makes me super angry that he didnt hang around longer. The band was his smallest in years and they were concentrating on soloing for the most part which is always a real treat. If you are lucky like me you will hear this before buying. If you are a Miles nut and you feel like I do now that the man did no wrong then this should be yours.
It's obvious they worked on some of the bugs with the first game. This second game is more in-depth and the cases are longer than the five with the first game. It's helps to download some of the patches before you play, as they help with some annoying bugs with the game. The graphics in this game are much more realistic than the first as well. I would still like to see more flexibility in the crime solving - so that I could for example take a different route to solving the game than the computer intends (sometimes you have solved it and can't bring anyone in to question because you are missing a small piece of evidence). At times you have the person at the crime scene with motive and yet still can't bring them in because you missed a small insignificant clue that the computer will not let you move ahead without.Despite the frustrations, this game is completely addictive and a lot of fun. It's the best crime scene game out there right now - just as the show is still the best out of all the copycats. It also looks like the creators are constantly improving and making changes so I'm sure future games will be even better. This one is a lot of fun and too good to pass up.
I thought the soundtrack for Brother Bear was awful. When my sister and I saw the film, we were blown away by the touching story and the amazing animation. But when the Tina Turner song started, we were literally ready to cover our ears!! The music was childish and sing-songy, and it didn't flow with the movie. I own soundtracks to most of the Disney films - THIS soundtrack can't hold a candle to The Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, Mulan or Tarzan. Phil Collins did a wonderful job on the Tarzan soundtrack - why doesn't Disney know how to stop when they're ahead?
The Lost Battalion, Saving Private Ryan, All Quiet on the Western Front. You name it, I hadn't seen it, until i decided to see this movie with my friends. Before watching this exciting sniper based film in the devastated city of Stalingrad, the only protection of the oil wells in China from the Nazi army. Before this movie, The Patriot was the lone one on my list. Thank you The Enemy at the Gates, for bringing me into a movie genre that so greatly intertwines action, passion, brotherhood, and sorrow into a single movie.
Susan Egan is brilliantly talented and utterly amazing to behold. Her creamy vocals will melt you one moment and break your heart the next. Her sass will make you laugh and cheer! This CD, though some tracks are not my favorite songs, definitely shows her great diversity and range. Bravo.
I bought this cd expecting nothing. I found it at a Tower Records going out of business sale. I had never heard of this album, and hadn't heard any of the songs previously. I have always been a fan of Sinatra's reprise era records, although the quality certainly varied, they were a time of creative expressions and different musical styles.Watertown certainly rates as one of his best recordings from this era. The song cycle was excellent. His voice expressive and the instrumentation interesting. I play this cd often. When you hear this recording you hear the voice of a man who has been around the block. A man who has had his share of heartbreak. This is accomplished without coming across as maudlin. Try it.
Using the clothes line is my effort at going green. I save a lot of money not using the gas dryer... only use it to fluff the clothes for 10 minutes for each load because drying on the line doesn't always leave things soft and wrinkle free.These are like the pins my mom used to use. Sturdy and well made.
I had heard a lot about Radiohead over the years but had never actually heard their music. I was in a music store recently and they were playing this great sounding CD. I went up to ask who it was and guess what? Radiohead...The Bends. I bought it then &amp; there, and overnight I became a Radiohead fan. The opening song, Planet Telex, is one of the most amazing rock songs ever. Great songs, great singer, great guitar, what can I say? Although there's a fairly traditional rock format on this disc (drums, bass, guitar, keys, voice), the results are far from common. This band really knows how to take the timeless elements of rock music and make them seem fresh again. That's the mark of a truly great band. If you're looking for a hard rocking disc that's in touch with something slightly deeper, this is it. Buy it today.
What a terrific phone Motorola developed!!!! Its heads and shoulders above NOK, Samsung, sony/ericy etc. I really like my T-Mobile service, however, the only downside is the price for the phone. My wife was able to get one much cheaper through a different service we both do not like as much as T-mobile. Take amazons offer and you will be happy with this phone, or wait and see if it will be free a little later, which is what im doing since i have the service already......UPDATE---After using the phone for several months now there is some good and bad. The good is the size which makes it easy just to put in my pocket no more hangning it on my side. I like the big screen, the golf game is fun and the background screen feature is great to display family members. There are plenty of different ring tones and is nice to be able to place different rings to different callers, also, the ringer is good and loud and with vibrate and it in my pocket i dont miss a call. The camera is good quality and i can take descent pictures in low light unlike my previous nokia.Negatives--If there is any noise or wind at all other than typical sound in a room its very very hard to hear and difficult to place the phone in the "sweet" spot to hear the call. If its sunny forget about seeing the screen unless ya find shade. My ring settings keep getting changed as i go to open the phone and hit the buttons on the side of the phone changing ring setting, frustrating....Even with the negatives i would buy again or get it for free is better due to the slim design and ease of putting in the pocket thats a big positive to me and the large screen is nice when i can see it.
Film is a seperate medium and you should never attempt to directly copy the original written work. The book will always be better, because ones imagination personnalizes the experience.This film is top notch and Nicholson is flawless. Young Danny Lloyd is also superb. I read a review where they thought the kid was a downer. Since Danny is privy, from the opening, that evil exists in the hotel, then I would expect him to be terrified and depressed throughout the film. I think it would not have worked for Danny to be a little giddy, when his world is crumbling down. Take a look at Danny's expresion when Scatman is killed and he's hiding in the kitchen cupboard. Priceless! Kudos to Kubrick and Danny Lloyd for playing it correctly throughout.Another complaint was the pacing, as many thought that the film dragged. I can only assume that you've grown up with the modern blockbuster, action film. You have not acquired the patience for a film to develop tension and suspense. Oh well, there'll always be plenty of &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot; type films to dull your mind with.My favorite scene is still the one between Jack and Mr. Grady in the bathroom. The tension created is incredible and it's also the point where the audience sees the connection of Jack's character to the hotel.It's a great film with a marvously tight script, superb direction, perfect pacing and terrific ending. My only minor complaint would be the awkward acting in some of the secondary scenes. Duvall could have been better and Scatman looked uncomfortable at times.The new DVD remastered version is very good, with a great 5.1 surround mix. Turn it up!!
I'm a big fan of Green's work, both sci-fi and fantasy. While the Nightside series is not what I would call a challenging read, the environment is so good that I can't bear to put the books down until I'm done. The para-world of the Nightside is so surreal and at the same time so recognizable as our own internal landscape that Green must be seen as one of the great world creators.
There are a lot of reviews of this book and many of them mention the book's flaws. Don't let that stop you from reading "The Beatles" by Bob Spitz. This is a wonderfully written account of the Beatles' rise to fame and how they dealt with it later. In fact, it's one of the best written Beatle books I've ever read. Spitz's writing style is a joy to read and the story flows wonderfully from the printed page. Are there mistakes? Yes, but what Beatle book (including their own book, the Anthology) doesn't have them? The photo caption with errors in the first edition were promptly corrected in the second edition. This is a monumental achievement which doesn't deserve the load of unnecessary criticism it has received. Read it and enjoy.
I found this radio very easy to set-up and program. I bought it so I wouldn't have to be concerned about a tornado approaching - especially at night. I set it for my immediate county and since there hasn't been any tornadic activity, I can only hope I have set it correctly. If not . . . .
This is a compilation of short stories from experienced crime and mystery writers, as well as relative newcomers. Indeed, it is difficult not to be entertained by the distinctive styles in Ian Rankin's "Saint Nicked", or Simon Brett's "Exit, Pursued" (bound to be a hit with Shakespeare fans), both of which lead the reader on a meandering course of false trails before their sly endings. A notable new voice is Mat Coward, whose "Too Subtle for Me" both utilizes and mocks existing mystery standards.On the other hand, there are many stories in the book that fall short of the complexity that is needed for a mystery/crime story; experienced mystery readers will be able to discover a large number of twists within the first paragraphs. As an example of British crime telling it is patchy, but there are spots of great fun.
In 1990, in the middle of a civil war with his boss, multimillionare Richard Branson, Mike Oldfield was feeling like inside of a cage. After the worldly success of the 'Crises' album, with 'Moonlight Shadow' on it, Mike had signed an 8 albums contract with Virgin, earning a ridiculous wage and seeing his natural creativity limited by the company's pressures to make similar pop hits and albums.After the commercial failure of 'Earth Moving' (his first and last albums not to feature any instrumental tracks) he took the relative freedom of creativity making an album he titled 'I Am A Rock' (abreviatedly called 'Amarok') in which he appears at the other side of a rainy window, just like in 'Ommadawn'.The album is the ultimate declaration of principles and identity from the man, and the flow of crazy but genuinely unique genius is present in each of the seconds of this 1 hour long masterpiece.The picture would be a surrealistic amusement park full of different attractions, from natural landscapes to mysterious places, and a lot of humour as well in the travel. The music is always lively, lighthearted and in most of cases, happy, as the funny vocoded voice asks you -it seems Mike was showing with that the interest he had in pleasing the people who prefered the old, long instrumental albums, from the 80s pop era.Amarok is a unique masterpiece with only another album to compare in the world, which is 'Ommadawn'. And more than an 'Ommadawn 2' who Mike claimed it to be instead of the 'Tubular Bells 2' the company had asked him to make, I consider 'Amarok' to be a happier sequel to 'Ommadawn'. Of course the similarities are unarguable, and 15 years later it sounds just as good, not better because it is not possible ;)Anyway, if you start listening to Amarok, I have to warnings for you:First one is you have to keep in mind the moment and pressures Mike was going through in this period, and the emotional and creative release this album meant to be for him, which sometimes makes it sound too untempered and emotionally extreme.The second warning is: This record could be hazardous to the health of cloth-eared nincompoops. If you suffer from this condition, consult your Doctor immediately.
Whether this book is considered a total failure or a complete success depends upon how the reader understands it. The author's announced purpose is to disprove the public perception of Fascism as a pathologically irrational force, similar in nature to "soccer thugs, the Ku Klux Klan, and sundry sociopaths and terrorists." But no conclusion could be more ridiculous. The horrible people Professor Gregor describes in this book are in fact sociopaths promoting terrorism, pseudo-intellectuals concocting one absurdity after another to justify a totalitarian regime.But if this book is actually a parody on 21st century American politics, it is a complete success. How many arrogant American politicians do we have who act as if they are "infallibly enlightened by the forces of history"? How many political elitists do we have who think that voters will never understand serious issues, and that they need someone to govern on their behalf? How many "charismatic" leaders do we have who are constantly denouncing "indecisiveness" and "dysfunctional legislative bodies"? Whenever a politician wants us to "Ignore the issues and trust me!", Benito Mussolini is looking proudly over his shoulder.I think that Professor Gregor has chosen an innovative literary format to say something important about American politics, and it is a message we need to hear.
I admit up front that I am a MSTie. This book is like an MST fix for junkies. The only real difference is that this time, Mike Nelson takes aim at the &quot;big&quot; Hollywood movies. I'll be renting a few of these gems. And viewing with proper precautions and protective eyewear, as advised.That said, you do not have to be a fan of Mystery Science Theater to appreciate the humor here. I think just about everyone has gone to see/rent a &quot;blockbuster,&quot; only to walk away from it wondering why there were good reviews/word-of-mouth. This book is for you.The only quibble I have is that I wish each review was longer. (Subtext: Please write a sequel.) Other than that, the tone is the same dry, intelligent wit I've come to expect from Mike Nelson.Don't miss the author's photo at the end.
Play Hockey on your knees in your basement? I purchased this item as a birthday present for my son's friend who is 7. I was utterly embarrassed to give it, but I was stuck since I ordered on-line. I thought it was a kid-size hockey set. But no, on the box two kids with sticks, (four players are not shown) are kneeling on a carpet in front of their tiny goals. Do you call that hockey?
Regards Obi divination this book offer a narrow view of this theme. The introduction is well done, with myths about obi, however there is few information about how to use this powerfull oracle. It doesn't explore the nine positions, the segments position in opon and also the Odu asnpect. In despite of Obi Oracle is not for cast Ifa as we do with opele and not for we speak through &ograve;r&uacute;nm&igrave;l&agrave; the Odu messages and orientation is an olodumare tool and for this reason is allways present and usefull and Obi can be used as an Oracle for we talk with the Ori and Orix&aacute; and receive consistent information and orientation for our lives, avoiding to handle with expensive Ifa works. One can find here some useful information when he wants to work with a Orix&aacute; oriented Oracle, which is, in fact, very comom. But be advised for the lack of information for understand the Obi Oracle.
This is a very basic, quality thermometer. Product performs exactly as expected. Very easy to set target temperature and leave it to do it's job. The alarm is nicely loud, insistent and unmistakable. "Main" meat temperatures are clearly printed on the back for reference.
It is about time that Arista/BMG re-released an album of the legendary Dionne Warwick's with all the original songs intact. This is not a compilation of hits. It is Warwick's successful 1979 project produced by Barry Manilow. For the most astute Warwick fan this is a must. The CD has two Grammy winning songs, "Deja Vu" (written by Isaac Hayes) and "I Know I'll Never Lover This Way Again". Twenty years ago, Warwick could really hit the notes without much effort. My favorite B-sides on this memorable LP are "After You", "All The Time" and a cover of The Doors' "The Letter". Add this to your collection. Support a diva. After nearly forty years in the public eye, Miss Dionne Warwick is just that-- a much underrated and often over looked diva of the highest caliber. VH1 has yet to pay homage to the diva that put Bacharach songs on the map. Why? Why?
Hip Hop for the Charts. I'm sorry but that'S what it is. Some kind of cheezy but controversial enough to make evverybody think about it. I think that Eminem is a genius and I am not shocked if he disses somebody-even his mum. He's a mirror of the society-and a great rapper. .This is another song in wich he makes fun of the american society and let me tell you that sometimes it looks like that from over here... "fg""Bad influence has its reasons why it didn't make it on the album but it's not bad. You just have to get used to the strange beat."My fault" is in my opinion the worst song on his first album. The lyrics are good but I just don't like it. It'S the album version here not a remix.The instrumentalversion is not really useful because I don't think that we want to karaoke rap "g". But all in all it'S a good single.
This DVD was great I leaned alot of thing from my favorite team!Lots of good info. If you are a Denver fan, check it out!
Rush has finally made a CD that I don't like (although I didn't much care for Counterpoints and much of Presto). When you buy any music CD, you frequently get one or two good songs with the remaining majority of songs being nothing but boring material used to fill the time on the CD. Rush has usually been able to reverse this trend on most of their recordings. However, Test For Echo is comprised of a bunch of songs that seem like Rush needed some filler. In my opinion (only my opinion), the musical road that Rush has headed down on their last few recordings has been problematic. I understand their desire to get back to their strong guitar based roots. Their last few recordings have shyed away from using keyboards to the extent that Rush has in the past. However, they have tried to compensate for the lack of keyboard sound by having to rely on the guitar as the main source to fill in the chordal structures of the songs. This has often made the guitar very noisy in their last few recordings. This might work for the style of music that Rush made in the seventies, but it doesn't work as well for what they're trying to do now. The guitar often sounds like a bunch of unmelodic noise. When Rush made greater use of the keyboards, the guitar playing sounded so much cleaner and precise. Alex wasn't having to fill in the sound with a lot of distorted guitar because the sound could be filled in with some keyboards that complimented what the guitar and bass were doing. Test For Echo combines a noisy guitar sound with forgettable music and singing melodies. Great recording production doesn't compensate for mediocre material. If you want a noisy CD without much memorable music add Test For Echo to your collection. Admit it Rush fans, those four and five star ratings are a bit generous for this one compared to their other recordings.
This is a 10 star album! This is one of Karen's best albums...the songs are awesome!! I love the song "enough is enough"...that is totally awesome! All of the songs are amazing! You need this album...what a blessing! [...]This album is a 10 star rating because music on earth doesn't get any better than this album! Karen is the BEST female Christian singer/recording artist out there! Do yourself a favor and BUY this album now!!!
We graduated from a Zojirushi "vacuum" pot where you have to press on the top to dispense. At first I thought the electronic dispensing was gimmicky but WOW- it really is worth it. Three temp settings (208F, 180F, 140F) are nice as is the temp readout so you know when the water is almost ready.Like our old one, there is a water level indicator on the outside so you can tell how much is left without opening it up.I wonder if the insulation is as good as our old one as it seems a little warmer on the outside - more likely is that our old one didn't go up to 208F.Personally I would have liked a different appearance. Plain white perhaps or silver / stainless. That's the closest I have to a complaint.Useful tip: The top comes off and the contents empty easily into a pot - a feature I often use to "kick start" a batch of pasta, etc.Cleaning tip: to descale, you can save a lot of vinegar by putting a mason jar or other heat resistant jar inside (Think about how putting a brick in a toilet saves water) This way you still get the depth of vinegar but use a lot of it.Another option is to buy bulk citric acid. That's all the Zojirushi cleaner is - 100% citric acid (though they charge you about 10x as much to put it into nice individual serving sizes)Two tablespoons are about the right amount for each cleaning cycleCitric Acid - 1 lb., (Frontier)Citric Acid, priced per poundCitric Acid 4 Lb tubCitric Acid (Lemon Salt) 5 Pounds BulkCitric Acid 1 Lb tubIf you found this review helpful, please let me know!
As i said a few times i like bands that sound like someone else ,and this gem sounds just like whitesnake.The soungs are well written ,the guitar playing is very good,and at times the sinnger sounds just like coverdale.There is not a bad song on it and road to drsire is my favorite ,i think i will try another cd from them ,and iam sure it will be good.Try damned nation and iam sure you wont be dissapointed
This is a classic! On the DVD you get to choose between english + french & spanish! In the special features section you can view 2 movie trailers & look at some really cool art work! This is just the best version you can get! Get it on DVD, You'll probably regret buying it on VHS instead, I did. Watching this in french really adds to the environment and feel good entertainment.
Great Package Job &amp; Short but to the point, Info on the Linear pages. 3 Cd Box Set &amp; each cd covers Different periods in the Icehouse Library. Cd 1 has the Most B Sides &amp; also makes cd 1 the Most Interesting. Hearing the 1st song &quot;Icehouse&quot; keeps you in store for a Promising Band. Magnificent Icehouse S/T Album...with &quot;Can't Help Myself&quot;, Walls, Sister &amp; &quot;Icehouse&quot;. B Side that makes ya think &quot;Paradise Lost&quot; (1 of Few Instrumentals from Icehouse).Also has &quot;Primitive Man&quot; Cuts Like &quot;Hey Little Girl&quot;, &quot;Great Southern Land&quot;, &quot;Street Cafe&quot; ...&quot;Primitive Man&quot; Has so many good songs, unfortunetly only half of &quot;primitive man&quot; appears (&quot;Good Night Mr. Matthews&quot; is Wonderful Sleeper Hit, which does Not appear here). 4 songs from &quot;Sidewalk&quot; (There Best Album) appear as well on cd 1. &quot;taking the town&quot;, Don't believe anymore&quot;(Best Ballad?), &quot;Dusty Pages&quot; &amp; &quot;Stay Close Tonight&quot;CD 2has songs from &quot;Measure for Measure&quot;, &quot;Man Of Colors&quot; &amp; &quot;Great Southern Land&quot;.&quot;No Promises&quot; (maybe the Best Icehouse song) helps the weaker second cd keep the flame. Some songs that got mixed reviews: &quot;Mr. Big&quot; &amp; &quot;Baby, Your So Strange&quot; are a bore. and lots of good music was Ommited here too.the best songs are captured from &quot;Man Of Colors&quot; &quot;Crazy&quot;, &quot;Electric Blue&quot; &amp; &quot;Man Of Colors&quot;, Finally show the world what Icehouse is all about. Nothing special about the two new songs from &quot;Great Southern Land&quot; added here.CD 3 Is Icehouse at there most Developed Stage. &quot;Where the River Meets The Sea&quot; (Maybe The Best Song Also?) shows Icehouse/Iva Davies can write with the best. &quot;Code Blue&quot;, &quot;Big Wheel&quot; &amp; &quot;The Berlin Tapes&quot; make up cd 3.while Code Blue Failed in the states, i assure you, it will bring much play time in your cd player for years to come! The Weakest Studio Album &quot;Big Wheel&quot; Spawned three songs on Singles. &quot;Invisible People&quot; Almost Comes Across as a Lost Beatles song from Sgt. Pepper!The Berlin Tapes had Many Great COVER songs, too bad the producer couldn't put more from this Underated Album on here. just &quot;Heaven&quot; Appears + an odd b side Instrumental.Buy this album now!!!!!! I put this Box set over these box sets:Police:Message in a boxSteve Winwood:finer thingsDavid Bowie:sound &amp; visionPlease Buy this. VERY UNDER PRICED &amp; this Might go OUT OF PRINT, AGAIN!!!!!!
Bordersnakes brings together two old cronies from Crumley's previous novels named Milo Milodragovitch and C.W. Sughrue. Each has a score to settle and they join forces on a wild ride mostly through the Southwest and parts of California to seek vengence and violent retribution.These good old boys are leather tough, hard living, often extremely violent and laugh out loud funny as hell most of the time! The relationship between the two is also fascinating in an offbeat sort of way. The plot seems to wander at times but I thoroughly enjoyed it as they encounter many interesting characters along the way and get themselves in some real funny situations as the story winds itself to a resounding conclusion that brings everything together.This is the first book of James Crumley that I have read and will go back and read the previous ones for sure. I seldom read a book twice but this is one that I am sure I will revisit at some time in the future. It is that damn good!
Title: Forward the Foundation by Isaac AsimovPages: 480Time spent on the "to read" shelf: 3 years.Days spent reading it: 2 days.Why I read it: I wanted to finish the last of the Foundation series that Isaac Asimov wrote.Brief review: This is the seventh and final book in the Foundation series by Isaac Asimov. It was finished just before Asimov died in 1992. In the Foundation chronology it comes just after Prelude to Foundation and just before Foundation. It is really a direct sequel to Prelude to Foundation, but more importantly it is a very gratifying conclusion to the series.Forward the Foundation chronicles the life of Hari Seldon in 10 year increments. At each decade mark something significant has happened to Hari or his plans for psychohistory. I think this book shines because it reads more like four short novels rather than one long novel (which I've commented on about Asimov's writings before). The character of Hari Seldon is fleshed out a little more, as are many of his associates and family members.Forward the Foundation is a much better conclusion to the series than Foundation and Earth (the last book in the Foundation timeline). It struck me as almost nostalgic. This is good, because I think that the series really struggled during Foundation's Edge and Foundation and Earth. I think Asimov really liked the character of Hari Seldon, and so in Prelude to Foundation and this book, we catch a glimpse of a great character during some crisis moments. These crisis moments are my favorite part about the Foundation series.This was a fitting ending to a fairly solid series. I think it fleshed out Asimov's vision of Hari Seldon who is sure to be a titan among Science Fiction fans for decades to come. Thanks Isaac, job well done. I would definitely recommend this book to Foundation fans, it was worth it.Favorite quote: "But together...our power is awesome!" (I know, it makes no sense without context, sorry!)Stars: 4 out of 5.Final Word: Gratifying.
I am a literature major, so please know that I am not giving a biased and uncalled for opinion. I've read many books, and I have even liked those books that most people detest. However, I must say 2001: A Space Odyssey is not all that great. It's boring, takes forever to get to the point, and truly pointless. The movie is even worse. In reality, the movie came first and then the book---it is usually the other way around. Both are horrific.
I didn't have the problem others seem to have had with this router. I had it up and running (both wired and wirelessly) in only a few minutes using their web controls. And it's fast. My problem is with its wireless reliability. If I do large file copies or downloads over the wireless link, the router will suddenly stop speaking to my laptop. My laptop can *see* the router, but the router won't allow me to connect. Powercycling the router fixes the problem immediately, or I can wait an hour or so and things usually work again just fine. The same thing happens with my wife's laptop.Another problem I've found is that if you disable SSID broadcasts, your laptop won't find it. For security reasons, I always disable this. Our laptops have never had an issue finding previous Linksys routers we've used when the broadcasts are off, but for some reason this particular router doesn't do well. I've played with the beacon settings and timings to no avail. As with all Linksys products (and almost all tech products in general these days), calling or emailing support gets you nowhere.Linksys hasn't released an upgrade for my version of the router (1.1) since I bought it. You'd think they'd have a bugfix release, but no. There's no support from them at all. If you're using it for simple general home use (and not planning on any heavy duty data transfers), this router will probably be OK. But if you want a reliable router that doesn't drop the ball when you use it, look elsewhere.
According to sizing I should order size Small and I think it would fit, but I have a Medium and it works on the lowest setting. I am 32 weeks pregnant and weight 160 lb right now (5'6") and the measurement under my belly (where the belt suppose to be) is about 38 inches. The lowest setting on medium belt is 34", second one is at 37.5" and last one is at 41". The belt is very good quality, firm and stretches a bit for a great support. It doesn't cause any pain. I think I won't grow under my belly much and might use this setting till the end. But if I would put more fat and the second setting will be too lose, than I might use those bra extenders. I actually have 2 of them from maternity store, they're not perfect fit with the belt hooks, but it will do, I tried-it took some force to fit (the hooks on belt are tough). So in between sizes won't be a big deal, especially that not too much time left:)I don't have much pain in my back when I move, still working out at the gym and walk a lot-which helps tremendously with joint pain. My problem with lower back pain starts when I lie in bed and get up in the morning or to use bathroom at night, sometimes I need few seconds to stay stable on my legs. I will sleep tonight in my belt and see if it'll help. But just wearing belt during the day makes walking more comfortable, I can see the difference when I take the belt off, so that was great purchase overall. Although I try to wear it as little as possible as muscles get use to relief and might become weaker.
If you would like a "real" yoga experience, I would highly recommend this practice. These 3 sessions were previously published on 3 VHS tapes and you get them all on one DVD. It's a bargin for the price. Over 3 hours of practice!One you get a beginner's workout, excellent instruction and even a good practice for experienced yogis on easy days. You can do either 1/2 hour session, or do together for a full hour.Two, Couples practice. Well instructed and fun! You even get a poster of all the poses so you can practice on your own time. I found it to be a lovely way to connect with my partner. We practice yoga together, balancing each other (and looking in each other's eyes to feel our love).Third (and the best), is the intermediate workout (Dynamic Yoga). Stephen Cope has a very soothing voice, challenging poses held for a good amount of time with plenty of time between poses to connect and meditate. Thoughout the practice he will have you ask yourself "how do you feel today?" He doesn't talk too much and the last part of the practice you tune into your own feelings, listening to what your body needs, and do the poses that feel right for you. Very nice relaxation at the end (and not rushed). I love this workout! I find it very self-enlightening and challenging. I feel so good afterwards.Also, the menu system on the DVD is layed out very well. Easy to choose which session and where you want to start (you can bypass the intro/talking). My only complaint might be that the participants in the class are a bit serious. Not a big deal though.See my other yoga DVD reviews on Amazon. Namaste.
"Jericho" is unlike any series I've ever watched. I love the balance of action and suspense with realistic, multi-dimensional characters and complex relationships. Season 2 has given us a fast-paced story, but not without the flavor that we came to love in Season 1. Each episode in this serialized drama is well-written and brought to life by a talented cast and crew. "Jericho" is a show that my husband, my son, and I all enjoy--and there aren't too many series that we all like! Can't wait for the DVD.
DVD was nice. We watch the on in 3D and it was a wonderful picture, as if we were at the theater.
I have had my SD800 IS for a couple of weeks now and after reading forum posts, I have finally learned to work well with the wide angle and you can't beat it. I also have an S230 which I still use and it still takes excellent pictures. I also have a Fuji F10 which I bought for the extremely long battery life and great night shots. All cameras have their pros and cons. I don't think you can beat the color quality of a Canon photo. The SD230 had a minor flaw where I had to check to see if it was in video mode or shooting mode, because the switch would easily flip from one to the other. They fixed that with the SD800 and now it stays in place. I like the size and portability of the SD800, it's as easy to carry around as a cellphone or drop into your purse if you are a female.This is the only camera that I don't shoot in auto mode. I just think the pictures look much better if you shoot in manual and select an ISO like 80, or if you use SCN mode. At any rate I'm learning, and the more I fool with it the better the pictures look! For example at wide angle, some may be disturbed at the physics of perspective, buildings tilting inward, that kind of thing. It's sure easy enough to correct with any software that has perspective correction included. For me it's Paint Shop Pro. Many of my shots are indoors, at family and work events, and at least the wide angle gets everyone into the picture!After having owned other digital camera brands, I do still come back to Canon for the beautiful color rendition of the pictures. I'm going to keep the SD800 IS!! Oh, and one more thing, I bought a 1gb SD card that folds in half and makes its own usb connector, eliminating the need for a card reader! That's great for traveling. I do any deleting, etc. from a card reader or the folding usb SD card, because it holds enough pictures to where I don't want to use extra battery power. I don't see where I am forced to use the date stamp, and don't, but then I'm still learning. I'm beginning to believe that one can't have too many digital cameras.
I had very high expectations as well. I got an advanced copy of this album months ago... gave it MANY spins hoping to feel the same spark as with their debut. The song production is overzealous, and has none of the the grit, hooks, and thrive as their previous effort. Too ambitious in my opinion and nothing really sticks.
"A Bug's Life" is a great movie from Pixar, with good humor and action, and excellent animation. It's now out on Blu-ray, and looks perfect. The detail and color is first rate. But this movie has so much more than pretty pictures. There's a diverse cast of likable and entertaining characters, great voice actors, solid and funny writing, and exciting action sequences. The Pixar movie it most resembles is probably "Monsters, Inc.", which also has a lot of humor, action, and fun characters. The Blu-ray disc contains a lot of making of material, a Pixar short, a 1934 Disney cartoon with a lot of singing, and commentary. I don't think "A Bug's Life" is quite as good as Pixar's best, such as "Finding Nemo", but I think it's close to the top. Reviewed 5/31/2009 after watching on Blu-ray.
I picked up a "vintage" paperback from 1967 in great shape. I was really pleased with Amazon and its vendor on this purchase.Never Call Retreat is Bruce Catton's third book in his Civil War Trilogy - no doubt this is one of his best. This volume covers the war from Fredericksburg to the surrender at Appomattox, and finally the assassination of Lincoln. Catton's approach in this book is generally the higher level strategy and the politics of the war. In many ways, it is a President's approach to the war, as Catton explains the actions of both President Davis and Lincoln. The most amazing aspect of this volume is Catton's smooth, running account of all events of this war, fought on various fronts and parts of the country. A tough literary feat and Catton does it superbly in this book!
I've tried many others out there and this one truly is the BEST. It gets all greasy finger prints and smudges out and leaves the LCD crystal clear and helps keep it static free so there's no dust and fuzzies on it. I use it on my laptop, HD tv too and it works great on cleaning the outside of the laptop as well as my cell phone and ipod.
Once again this book was on the book list for our Literature class. It's a very inviting book, with a large text and an endearing child narrator whose strange quirks and expressions give it a very personal and all the more emotional touch. It certainly highlights the racial division prevalent in the South (USA) as recently as 50-60 years ago. This coming of age story though falls (not through any fault of Angelou's) into another cliche story about 'black' people and the struggle and oppression they endured. I do not mean to trivialize their struggle merely to highlight the fact that after one reads hundreds of books on the same little black girl who got raped by her white stepdaddy or whatever, the stories blur into one and the only difference is their name.Would I recommend it? Only if you haven't been exposed with 'To kill a mockingbird'-esque stories beforehand.
For artists, this is the single best figure drawing book ever produced. We had to use bootleg photocopied versions of it when I was back in art school in the early 90s, so I am VERY glad to see that it is now back in print. This is an excellent resource for comic book artists, illustrators, concept artists, storyboard artists and anyone else with the word "artist" in their title. Buy it now. DO IT!
These are *awful* re-recordings of the orginals -- not just remasters, but completely new versions done with miserable sounding drum machines and cheap synthesizers. The sound seems specifically designed for elevators and shopping malls. Save yourself the trouble, and buy a different "best of".
Wow- every time I even entertain the thought of becoming a writer I read Dan Simmons and realize I am not even CLOSE to being in his league. This is an incredible collection of novellas that will resonate within you long after you have finished reading them.The first story "Entropy's Bed at Midnight" is a roller coaster ride in which the emotions of the protagonist ( a father and the feelings he has for his daughter) are projected onto the reader. Anyone who has been or is a parent will identify with this tale about love, loss, life and learning to let go and enjoy the ride.The second is "Dying in Bangkok" is a slam-bang powerful tale of AIDS, casual sex, war, cultural differences and the lengths and depths a person will go to in order to achieve the ultimate revenge.The third tale and in my opinion the weakest of the set is "Sleeping with Teeth Women". This is a raw-edged and perhaps overly angry reaction to the sugary Indian stories ala "Dances with Wolves." Although I understand his (over?) reaction to these stories and his wanting to portray his Native American ancestors in a more realistic light this story is perhaps a bit too much in the other direction. It is salvaged by a wonderful ending that wraps the tale up neatly.The fourth tale "Flashback" is a cyberpunky tale that touches on realism with its portrayal of addicts who participate in flashback experiences and become more intertwined in their past to care about or shape their present.The fifth tale and the showcase of the book is "The Great Lover", a visceral, gut-wrenching, incredibly well-researched tale that occurs during WWI. This story is like watching a particularly grotesque auto accident in that you can not tear yourself away from it and it will leave images in your mind that will haunt you long after you have finished reading it. Good writers can transport you to a different place. Dan Simmons will take you there, drop you head-first, immerse you, and blast you on spin cycle while he is at it. Incredibly powerful tales from a truly masterful writer.
The clasps are awkward and hard to implement. They will stay in place if you can get them on, but that is only possible on standard sheets. Anything heavier than that and it's futile. Will not work on flannel sheets at all. The metal parts are cheap and flimsy. You will need a pair of pliers handy to bend things back into place when using for sure. I just ended up tossing them. I wouldn't take another set if they were free.
This was my first Lee Child Jack reacher read and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Loved the scenes in England and the descriptions of Norwich, a place I've visited. Child captured them well. The hook is great at the beginning and I was vested throughout this thriller. I'll definitely check out another in the series.
Coming from the former USSR, I was curious to see this movie, but I have to say that I was quite dissapointed. It was easily one of the worst movies I have ever seen! Cheap looking sets, characters one does not care about, annoing music behind the camera, lack of plot... It's as if the movie was trying to determine my tolerance level. The quility of this DVD seems to match the quality of the movie. There is not even a scene selection available! Don't waste your time and find something better to do!
I have a Tring album of these pieces, plus one other, and they are by the same conductors so I assume this is the same recording, easily the worst recordings of these piece that I have ever hear. The recording technique is poor and it sounds like it was done in an echo chamber, the tempos are consistently too slow and the orchestra seems bored out of their minds. This is the cheapest album of these works for a reason. Do not buy this CD. You will hate it. I love both these compositions, but it's hard to imagine how anyone could enjoy this flat, lifeless, hissy recording that claims to be DDD.
This is a great ritual suercide disc. If you have ever had a cult party and u were scared that there was no music in da world to go with the mood. Well now your dreams have been answered with 5 words six feet under maxiumum violence. This has some of the greatest ghetto anthems like &quot;war machine&quot; featuring slick rick and the ceo of rap-a-lot records devon the dude. Watch out for the most brutal track on da disc &quot;victims of the paronid&quot; which features the german black metal god Billy Guliman. Oh yeah for all u parents who coundn't think of a good christmas present this is a great one. With holsome tracks like &quot;Mass Murder Rampage&quot; and &quot;no warning shot&quot; will find yourself listening to this cd all the time. And we cant forget the sappy love ballad&quot;short cut to hell&quot;.You cannot get the togetherness of this album with O Town.peace out And dont forget to pick up billy gulimans classic christmas and cannibal corspe's hammersmashed face
My only question is this. WHY IS THIS MOVIE NOT AVAILABLE ON DVD? Sorry for shouting, but this is definately a movie that should be available on DVD. Everything about this movie was funny. It's got garbage men, pellet rifles, abducted pizza delivery guys, and a dead body wearing a Richard Nixon mask. Oh the shear joy that these elements create when thrown together in the big garbage truck we all call life and compacted into a single movie. The gods were smiling upon the writers and directors of this film. The story was funny, the characters were hysterical. Not to mention we know all know what a frenologist is. Someone who studies the size and shape of Walt's, well you know :)
When you think of the Four Freshmen, you can't help but think of &quot;Graduation Day,&quot; &quot;Charmaine,&quot; &quot;Day by Day,&quot; and the zillion others that became their standards of the 50s.I found his new CD by accident. It begins with the Sinatra hit, &quot;Come Fly with Me.&quot; The harmony is unmistakenly Freshmen, but the selections as well as the ochestrations are full and awesome. No Freshmen playing solo trombones, etc.If you like the Four Freshmen, this CD could easily become your favorite. I've had my copy about 5 years, and it has kept its place on my 101 CD player the entire time. There probably aren't 5 others that have been there that long.
I bought this title for my girlfriend, who is a big Prince fan. I however, was totally impressed with both the video quality, extra features, and DTS capability.Few normal audio CDs offer the same quality of DTS surround sound and low-frequency bass levels as this DVD, and because it's Prince playing only his biggest hits (coupled with Lenny Kravitz and the old Purple Rain-style Morris Day and The Time as cameo appearences) makes this a great concert DVD. Even if you don't watch the excellent quality video and just turn off the TV and listen, it's a fantastic audio experience. Almost 2 hours in length, Prince continually rocks and jams the whole way through.
Having been put off the tube by the recent glut of those sad little souls who humilate themselves before a nationwide audience and dub that "reality", I was intrigued at the talk of "Lost", an actual scripted drama earning stellar reviews. Yet I didn't deign to tune in until nearly the end of the first season. What a shame! I see now what I was missing. "Lost" would have been a standout in the days when well written, well acted TV shows were the norm and not the exception. In today's sad state of network programming, it is a true gem. Brilliantly crafted, never predictable, with complex storylines, it compells us to think about what we're watching, rather than passively waiting to be entertained. Let's hope the rest of Hollywood takes it's cue from the cast and crew of "Lost" and follows suit with more quality drama like this.
I watched six movies on two long flights this week - this was the best by far. Yes it was silly (I mean come on Robin Williams was the lead!) but also drove home some very serious points about communication in relatioinships. Many marriages fall into the period of infatuation before the challenges of a relationship come to the surface. This movie made light of a serious subject. At the end I was left with the opposing emotions of joy and laughter coupled with the depth of this issues addressed.I enjoyed it thoroughly and will be ordering the DVD for our library. Its interesting to see this title is available on both HD DVD and Blue Ray as well as standard DVD. Not only is the future high definition war far from over (and I'm not ready to play that war game), but it just seems silly to me to spend an extra $10+ to purchase a movie that won't be better in high def.
Geez, who is this ignoramus below? John, first of all, no "master tapes" for the recordings on this disc exist. These early sessions of Bix were made in the mid-1920s, a full 20-25 years before the use of magnetic tape in commercial recording studios. Everything on this set was originally recorded directly to wax discs, from which metal masters, mothers, stampers, and eventually commercial shellac pressings were made. In the eighty years since, many of the metal parts have either vanished, been destroyed, or corroded to the point where the best source material has become the commercial pressings themselves--and as any collector will tell you, many of the original recordings on this set are quite rare, and to hear them in any condition is a treat. To top it off, most of the recordings here were made acoustically, with the musicians performing into a horn that funneled the sound waves to a vibraring stylus that etched grooves in that wax disc. Not eactly high fidelity! Having said that, the remastering on this set really is superb, in many cases, these are the best transfers of this material I've ever heard (and as a big-time Bix fan, I've heard quite a few!). Not only are all of the master takes here, but every known surviving alternate as well.Very few cornet solos on the first disc!!?? Buddy, you need to get your ears checked. Bix lets out quite a few hot cornet solos in his recordings with the Wolverines--not to mention his legendary solo on Goldkette's recording of "I Didn't Know." True, Bix is sometimes lost in the later Goldkette recordings, but that doesn't diminish their importance.When you consider that the Hot Fives and Hot Sevens collection is only twenty-five dollars, it becomes obvious that the publishers of *those* discs should be put in jail! The Hot Fives and Hot Sevens were put out by JSP, a private British label well-known for bootlegging other reissues. They get away with it because other small reissue labels that put forth the money and time to restore these old recordings can't afford to take JSP to court for reusing their remasterings without permission or compensation. In a very few instances, JSP originated the remasterings, but even so, JSP pays no royalties to song composers, no mechanical licenses for the use of songs, and does not license any of the vintage recordings it releases. When you cut corners and steal materials, it's no wonder JSP can make their sets so cheap! And don't get started about how the Hot Fives and Hot Sevens sound better than this set. That's a result of the original recordings themselves, not the reissue sound engineer (who, ironically is the same for both sets, John R. T. Davies). The Hot Fives and Hot Sevens were recorded mostly for OKeh, known in the 1920s for having one of the best recording systems in the business, and superior-quality pressings. Many of Bix's earliest recordings (especiallly those on Disc 1 here) were made for tiny Gennett, known for having one of the crudest recording systems coupled with mediocre-quality pressings. When comparing the two, of course Armstrong's OKeh 78s will sound cleaner and clearer.Meanwhile, as someone who has produced half-a-dozen CD reissues myself, I can tell you that doing so doesn't come cheap at all--especially not for a set like this. Finding clean copies of the recordings, making decent transfers, doing the restoration, licensing the songs and recordings, researching and writing the liner notes, and printing and pressing the whole package is incredibly time-consuming and costly. To make matters worse, the relatively narrow appeal of this set (only libraries or die-hard Bix fans) means that relatively few copies will be sold--perhaps only a thousand, maybe two or three (most buyers will undoubtedly opt for simple one or two disc sets without all the alternates). Simple economic forces are at work here; the set was expensive to produce, relatively few will be sold, thus each set will be somewhat expensive. Heck, you think this is expensive, check out the Bix & Tram Mosaic set! Better yet, I dare you to find clean original copies of all of the 78s on this set for the same price. In all liklihood, in today's collector market, you couldn't do the latter for under $20,000. When you put it into perspective, this set is really quite a bargain. Furthermore, knowing the way the reissue business works, I seriously doubt that the people behind this production are making much money--if any--on it. It's clearly a labor of love, not a get-rich-scheme. Believe me, there are far easier ways to make money out there.For the record, I have no connection with Sunbeam or Origin Jazz Library--I'm just an extremely satisfied customer. I have all five volumes of Bix Restored, and while I favor some above others, all are winners. If I had to pick a single favorite, it would probably be this one, Volume 1. If you like Bix, there's really no other choice. The Bix here is young, enthusiastic, and a little wild. His playing is already brilliant, and I find the Wolverines, Trumbauer, and Goldkette settings here to provide more satisfying jazz accompaniment to Bix's cornet than Whiteman's band on the later discs. If you like Bix, get this set. You won't be sorry.
Read Vonnegut's novel whether or not you see this film, but if you do decide to see or purchase this movie you'll be grateful you read the book first. On the other hand, if seeing the film induces you to read the novel, all the better. Count the number of times Vonnegut writes, "So it goes."As others say here, the movie is a fairly close adaptation of the novel, without much interpretive discretion on the part of the director. There are a few alterations that don't make sense in light of Vonnegut's plot and characterization. For instance, Billy Pilgrim knows the plane he's on is about to crash. In the novel he does nothing because,in his Tralfamadorian cosmic view of things, the moment is simply "structured that way." In the film, Hill shows Billy trying to warn the pilots, which is out of character and not in keeping with the idea behind Billy's psychological and spiritual dilemma.As excellent as this adaptation is, one thing that is painfully absent, for obvious and understandable reasons, is Vonnegut's narrative voice in the novel, which is hilarious, pugnacious, sardonic, and wistful. In the autobiographical chapters of the book Vonnegut tells us that even though he agrees that it's probably impossible to stop wars, Slaughterhouse 5 is an antiwar book. College students reading this for the first time often make the mistake of interpreting Billy Pilgrim's extreme passivity and conscious decision to adopt Tralfamadorian predestination, to strive only to focus on the happy moments to the exclusion of the awful ones, as Vonnegut's recommendation of the appropriate response to a world where bad things happen outside of the individual's control. Billy Pilgrim himself chooses immersion in adolescent fantasy over painful reality. Yet Vonnegut says explicitly in the first chapter that this is an antiwar book and that he teaches his sons that they must never take part in massacres, which is how he sees the bombing of Dresden in WWII. Free will is at the heart of Vonnegut's thesis; Billy Pilgrim doesn't believe in it, but Vonnegut does. Vonnegut tells us that the character he admires in the Old Testament is Lot's wife, who, despite God's command, looks back at the destruction God visits upon Sodom. He celebrates this small gesture of free will because of its humanity, and compares the act of writing the novel to that human act of pathos.
There are several reasons why this book belongs in every home and high school science classroom:1) Carl Zimmer is an excellent journalist. He's a talented writer whose interesting to read, his work focuses nearly exclusively on science along with publishing general works on evolution so he's understands the science behind our human origins, and his talent as a writer allows him to write at a level a 10th grader can understand rather than often cryptic jargon of someone immersed in the research. He also humanizes his reporting with several human-interest stories of the scientists behind some of our biggest stories as well as portraying the thrill of "the find of a lifetime" that several fortunate scientists and their teams experience.2) The book is beautifully illustrated and photographed. I especially enjoyed the comparative skull photos and illustrations.3) This book focuses on a particular game plan, human origins, with very little tangential forays. It spends very little time on the general theory of evolution itself, religious objections, or technical controversies those immersed in the industry debate. Instead Zimmer and his editor provide a journalistic account of the state of our knowledge regarding human evolution, specifically: fossil finds, hypotheses and theories on immigration, technology development and its effect on mutations, and even a chapter on human potential for change in the future.This would be an excellent supplemental book for a high school biology class or even 100-level college classes due to its relatively short length at a heavily illustrated 165 pages. It been 20 years since I read a book focused exclusively on human origins so I was well rewarded with what we've learned since then along with some great pictures of fossil finds. I was also able to purchase a like-new used book on Amazon for about $7 so this is a no-brainer; order this book!!!
This fits perfectly over standard-width cube walls and is very sturdy. It's not the prettiest thing but it does the job. The clip goes over the top of the wall so you might need to smooth over with your neighbor that it will be a slight uglyness on his side, but that's about the only downfall.
Don't be fooled by the fact that this Kindle book is free. The next book in the series is almost 7 dollars and all the later books are $9.99. If you really want to read the series, save your money and buy them in paperback used.
We have found that these books are god-sends to have for audition accompanists. And, yes, there is a mix of contemporary and "golden age" stuff in the volumes...who wouldn't suspect that? And Kindle versions? I'll bet it is a mess!
A Skynyrd concert can't be bad. I give it 5 starts without opening up the DVD. Top that, ha! Tonight it gets played.Say a prayer for........Ronnie Van Zant (Deceased)Allen Collins (Deceased)Steve Gaines (Deceased)Leon Wilkeson (Deceased)Billy Powell (Deceased)Hughie Thomasson (Deceased)Ean Evans (Deceased)Update: This title is NOT new for me. I have the same concert from 2007. This is the HDNet show, so if you have the bootleg, don't bother with this one. The only update with the offical release is you get surround sound 5.1
Katy Rose's Overdrive is one of the best pop anthems of the year. It combines sassy California beach pop with punk rock, and to make it even better, has good vocals. Lemon is also a good track, and is nearly as listenable as Overdrive. So I say, opt for Katy instead of wannabe's like Avril and Hilary.
The shelf itself is very beautiful. Just a couple of things to note:- the width that is described is for the overall shelf. The usable shelf width is only 2-15/16", so the description that says the shelf width is 4" is wrong.- there was a little bit of blackening of the mirror in one corner (at-least the one I received), but this flaw is minor for my purposes, and so I'm ignoring it.All in all, a great mirror-shelf, but I wish there were more accurate and pertinent information available on important aspects, such as usable shelf width, etc...
I thought it was dumb and so did everyone I know. The fighting was not realistic and the acting was horribel.
It's a somewhat sad comment on litarary reviewers that Neal Stephenson had to move a bit out of the SF field with this novel to get taken seriously by reviewers. Nevertheless, this novel feels like a more mature work in several aspects: It's the first novel by Stephenson that has a halfway decently written ending, the characters are reasonably aware and afraid of their mortality, and the writing in some scenes borders on the subtle (e.g. when Turing comes on to the elder Waterhouse).The plot, some sort of combination of Pynchon's &quot;Gravity's Rainbow&quot;, Buchheim's &quot;Das Boot&quot;, and a stack of WIRED magazines, starts off as a somewhat slow read but becomes more and more compelling.The core idea which the book explores is the interaction of the world of information and the world of physical interaction -- bitspace vs. meatspace, and Stephenson resists the temptation to facilely declare (as many a WIRED author would) that meatspace &quot;has become irrelevant&quot;, nor (as people like Clifford Stoll would) that bitspace &quot;is not real&quot;. Rather, he shows that interactions go both ways: Decrypted bits *do* sink ships; a few corrupt cops *can* seriously cramp the style of a hacker cruising cyberspace.
I'm a little surprised at some of the fair-to-middlin'reviews I've read here. This CD is by far one of thebest Bonnie has recorded. The vocals are gritty andfull of feeling, sensitive without being cloying. Themusicianship is superb, it's the strongest batch of songsshe's recorded in about ten years. And thank the Lord,they had the good sense to play down the sound effectswhich marred the last CD &quot;Fundamental&quot;. Bonnie Raitt isa real, traditional musician. She doesn't need bleeps andblips to make her more &quot;current&quot;. Listen to me, if youhave EVER been a fan of Bonnie Raitt, this CD will giveyou lots of pleasure. 'Nuff said!
I love Serengeti glasses, I have a great pair that has glass lenses and will stick with them. The PolarMax are all plastic and do not have the same lenses as my others. They also didn't fit right as they had a tilt to them.
A fine first novel in what may be my favorite mystery series of all time. O'Connell has created a fascinatingly complex protagonist who fits no cookie mold I've come across yet: Mallory! She's a mystery unto herself; I was immediately captured by her &quot;differentness&quot; and wanted to know her better - what made her tick and why. I couldn't put this book down! She is increasingly revealed to the reader bit by small bit throughout the whole series (Stone Angel was particularly eye-opening; but don't be tempted - read these fine books in order!!) I applaud O'Connell for writing a suspenseful storyline that revolved around intimately/uniquely drawn characters.
There are certain games that manage to slide in under the radar and go unoticed by the gaming public. Ubi Soft's Beyond Good and Evil is one of those rare games that does so many things right it's hard to imagine why more people aren't playing it.The main character, Jade, is a freelance reporter on a planet named Hyllis. It's a bit of an odd world, with unusual life forms such as talking pigs, cat people, and walrus like men. Hyllis is under attack by an alien race called the DomZ. The para-military units known as the Alpha Sections are defending Hyllis from the attacking aliens. But all is not what it seems. People are disappering from Hyllis. And the Alpha Sections are suspected of collaborating with the DomZ. Jade, our heroine, is recruited by the underground IRIS Network to uncover the conspiracy.The games graphics are outstanding. Hyllis is a huge, living breathing world complete with wild life, oceans, and even a moon. Water effects are rendered extrememly well, especially since Hyllis is mostly a water world. The game is also presented in widescreen through it's entirety. This makes it possible for seemless transitions from the action to cutscenes. This is really a nice looking game in all areas.Alot of people have mischaracterized this game as a "platformer". This game is actually an adventure with quite a bit of stealth elements included. Some of the stealth elements are very reminscent of games such as Metal Gear Solid, Tenchu and Splinter Cell. The action varys quite a bit from stealth to martial arts action. There's even a mini-game thrown in for good measure. Though stealth plays a big part of this game, it doesn't seem tedious. There is also a unique power up system. Throughout Hyllis there are vending machines where you purchase meal packs called K-Bups and Starkos. Other items can also be purchased from these machines. One of the more interesting features is that throughout the game you get updates in the form of Emails from the IRIS Network, and you can subscribe to publications that can be emailed to you.The controls take some getting used to. The learning curve is about thirty minutes. But once the controls are down the game flows very nicely.Unfortunatley there's not alot of replay value here. Once you complete the game there's not much reason to go back and play it again. That's the one criticism you can lay on it.This game is great buy for the new reduced price. In an age where the gaming world is flooded with sequel after sequel, it's great to see a new origial game that really gives you something different for your time and money. I HIGHLY recomend this game.
Perfect. It's not symmetrical on both sides; it's an evolution of the celtic design of a cross.
I can't complain too much because I got this from a seller on Amazon literally for one penny. Had I not, I probably wouldn't be nearly as happy though.I am in the process of creating a backyard utopia, as a do-it-yourselfer. Because we have the misfortunate of having a very sloped yard, I thought I'd turn that into fortune and utilize its slope for a flowing waterfall that looks natural.This is a very thin book and, although it does offer some good information, it has very few pictures and less information as compared to just simple free instructions I found on the internet.However, if you are looking for what plants are best to put around your pond or waterfall, this would be helpful as almost half the book is just about plants, in spite of its small size.I can't say I won't utilize any of the information as it had some useful notes...mainly in the plant section, and with a few tips, however, we went to Home Depot the next day and I started flipping through one of their own do-it-yourself books on ponds and found more information than I'd located anywhere on the net, or in this book. So I made a second purchase.This book is more sketches and line drawings or type, than photographs of the steps and how it should look and some may prefer that. However, I'm a better learner with visuals in addition to the written explanations...I find that more easily understood in do-it-yourself steps I've never done before. And this has mostly black and white drawings in addition to the type.Conclusion: It was worth it for the price I paid from a used book seller on Amazon, but if I'd gone to Home Depot first I probably would have skipped this purchase all together.Now pray for me that I don't kill a bunch of goldfish in the near future. That's my biggest fear of this pond building...there will be small lives at stake to test how well I do. My neighbor's fish have been romancing one another too often for their small pond so we're getting lots of free babies.Tip: If you are looking for inexpensive pond supplies, check Craigslist. We found a fiberglass pond form for our base that was HUGE and only 35 bucks...also free stone, a used pump, new liner, etc. It's a good place to start. But be wary of the pumps...most we have found are too small for a large pond and we've been unable to find a pump/filter combo which is what we really want so I think we may pass on the pumps from there.
This is an amazing album. Most people put this in the top three of Metallica's albums with Master of Puppets and Ride the Lightning, for good reason. This is totally different than MOP or RTL, but amazing still. The heaviest of Metallica's albums, with some of the longest songs they've ever written, the only flaw is the production. The bass is buried, the drums (especially the snare) pop more than they should or ever have. Besides that, this is perfect. Blackened, One, and Harvester of Sorrow are true Metallica classics. James has, in my opinion, his best vocals on here. He doesn't do any of the clean singing you hear after this, and his voice has grown past the metal wail of the early stuff. He also sings a lot lower in this than anything else, but that's neither here nor there. Kirk puts out some amazing solos in this, especially on Blackened and One, some of their best songs ever. James shows how awesome he is on rhythm guitar, chugging through the ultra heavy riffs that shift tempo and time. The only song I don't really love on here is Eye of the Beholder, but it's still better than any of their later work. Even though they made a video for a song off this album, it still seems anti-commercial. One of the songs, To Live is to Die, was written as a tribute to Cliff Burton, their deceased bassist. It's made of riffs he created, put together by the rest of the band, even including a poem he wrote spoken over the music. As far as I know, it has never been played live. Dyers Eve is a favorite of many Metallica fans, but they never played it live until this past year. It's as fast and tough as anything out there. In conclusion, if you are a fan of any type of thrash, speed, classic, etc metal, a fan of Metallica, Megadeth, Slayer, Dream Theater, etc, you need to have this album. Overlook the production, and you will be beyond happy.
This dictionary is based on Mr. Hornby's effort aiming to help foreign students overcome difficulties in studying English. Both English and Chinese explainations are well provided, which is good for people like me whose thinkings often rely on Chinese. If you want to become a English language expert and look forward to speak English better than most of native English people do, you might think of spending a lot of your time on refering to this dictionary. But if you want to just pick up the language in a shorter time and don't need to express everything precisely like a old pedant, other sources of help might be more effective. Overall this dictionary is quite versatile. If you have just enough money to buy one dictionary, this is a not bad choice.
Paula and Randy White recently announced that they would be divorcing. Please pray for them and continue to support Paula White Ministries.Anyhow, this book was written when Paula and Randy were happily married (and has no information about their divorce). The book is excellent and very well written. I have read through the entire work book for "Deal With It" and am now reading the book. It's excellent, fascinating, entertaining, and makes a lot of great points. Putting the past behind us is mandatory if we are to press forward and succeed. For those reviewers who are giving this book bad reviews, you are obviously looking at it with a negative perspective. The whole purpose of the book is to get you out of "living in your past" and moving on to "the plan that God has for your life." This book is very well written, there isn't anything misleading about it, Paula is honest, and if you will read this book without having a pre-judgment against it because you think Paula White is rich and famous, then maybe you would actually get something out of it. Paula works hard, she deserves everything she has, and just because you are jealous that you aren't rich does not mean that you should give Paula's book a bad review. If you would quit being negative and started being positive, may all of you who gave this book a bad review could actually get somewhere in life.
&quot;Run Lola Run&quot; is beyond description. You just have to see it. Very fast paced and exciting, but a great sense of character development for such a short movie. This is one you will want to watch over and over again. Very well done, and the music is great.
I read this when I was about 12 or 13. so, almost 40 years ago. Yes, it is depressing,and I'm not sure why anybody would want a child to read it. Then again, it's a great look at the loneliness and isolation some children experience. To the best of my recollection, Roger is diagnosed as "autistic" in the end of the book, when he goes into a dissociative state. He's not autistic. He's dissociative and catatonic. Also, the speech therapist seems to be the author's presence. A little heavy handed, in my opinion. It's a thought-provoking read, but very depressing. Still, at the end, there is a glimmer of hope. The father comes back into it, as I recall, and the mother might just get charged with child abuse. I wouldn't condemn this book, but I wouldn't recommend it to a child.
This is a great first book. As a native Texan I thoroughly enjoyed this tale of old time Texas in the 40s, oil wells, greed and con men. Plus a little dose of WWII intrigue. Looking forward to Mr. Burton's next effort.
I have enjoyed reading N. Sparks books since his first release and looked forward to his next but after this read, I stopped. Even though his books are predicatable, they are enjoyable reads as I like his style but this one was boring.
I bought these as a cheaper alternative to the Ecco Track II shoes, which are fairly expensive but fall apart very quickly. As a constant walker and an occasional hiker, I wanted shoes which were comfortable for long walks, which could stand up to the elements, and then look semi-decent in a casual setting.I gotta say these shoes don't live up. They're comfortable standing around, but for long walks I find the shoes have stronger support on the outside, giving me a tendency to want to walk knock-kneed. I've never had any other shoes like that...I thought I'd acclimate to them, but I never have.Also, I got the dark brown, they are possibly the ugliest shoes ever created. I mean my expectations weren't high, but they really look terrible. Maybe it's doesn't help that my feet are long. The shoes look wide and formless and without any real lines, it just makes me look like I have big wide duck feet.Additionally, they're sized larger than I'm used to, perhaps I could have gone a size down. I'd say, try these shoes on before ordering.That said, they do seem well-made. I've owned mine for half a year and don't really take any care of them, and they're still in great condition.
My girls and I have read this book many times. The subtle multiculturalism of the book comes across in a humorous, pleasant way. Coyote is the consumate trickster of generic Native American folklore, and the javelinas get help from Native and Latino people in the construction of their homes. The drawings are well done and the story sticks close to the classical version with a dash of southwestern spice. Recommended for children 3-7 and their parents.
Whatever Amazon say about this CD not being available, they are wrong. Try Rough Trade records in Talbot Road, London. I also got Trip to Marineville there. This is slightly more mature than Trip, but not without those quirky toy-like effects that make Swell the legendary sound they are today. Really cheers you up.
Not having seen the first movie, I saw this with my two kids who were laughing out loud at the hapless goat who keeps getting smashed Wil-E Coyote style through out the movie.They also really loved the squirrel Twitchy.Unlike many other "kids" movies out there today, this one has minimal violence and doesn't have the really scary evil villain scenes that have really scared my 4 year old.The Hansel and Gretel characters which become bad guys at the end are defeated by inflating them up like balloons and rolling them away. No killing at the end like some other kid movies.
This is a great first album by LRB. I am very happy that I finally found it, now I can replace my record and cassette tape.
This is perhaps Doris Day's finest comedy... yup, even funnier and more fun than "Pillow Talk". it has Doris looking her all-time most beautiful, yet performing some truly funny lines and slapstick. Rod Taylor is perfect has the handsome beau and the antics get belly laughs from me every time. The film also is marvelous for those too young to remember the early 60s in styles, and in flavor. Highly recommended!
Or should I say "Lack of battery life drives me crazy?!?!?!"I own the complete Timex Bodylink system: watch, heart rate monitor, speed-distance sensor, and the little remote data recorder, as well as the computer software and the cable that connects the data recorder to the computer. Purchased the system in 2006 and have used it since.I am pleased with the entire system -- except -- the battery life on the GPS Speed-distance sensor is awful. The sensor uses one AA battery and it eats the batteries. My workout is 1 hour, 15 minutes daily and I must replace the battery about every third day. I recently started using 2500 MaH AA NiMH rechargable batteries that I use in my digital camera; they last as long as the alkaline AA batteries but are rechargeable, so, I don't have to throw them away after each use.
I previously purchased this book by a different publisher and really liked it although it was written in 1833 it contained a lot of wisdom on discipline. However, this book had an additional chapter included which was not in the copy I formerly had. I thought that interesting, and before giving it as a gift decided I should take the time to read it. I'm so glad I did as the author suggests shutting a disobedient child in a dark closet as a means of punishment. I quote, "He had never been shut up in the dark as a punishment, because with very young children the consequences of such a measure are sometimes hazardous; but it was known that in this case the child was not afraid; and I desired to know the effect of it, in connection with the religious considerations. The following experiment was tried; the conversation is here precisely as it occured. Mother: 'I am sorry you are so naughty. I must put you into a dark closet, where nobody can see you.'" The mother proceeds to shut the child in the closet until he is willing to submit to her authority...he shares that the result of this experiment is successful in acheiving the desired result.
This is the release that launched Styx into commercial stardom that would give them years of top 40 hits and would lead to tensions in the band between founding member Dennis DeYoung and 6th album newcomer Tommy Shaw. With very minor hits on their previous album 'Equinox' the single 'Lady' from their second album comes into airtime and then this album bursts onto the scene and the rest is history. There isn't a bad song on this album and the trademark Shaw / Young songs that really started here is perfect. If you're looking for a classic rock album with progressive, rock, and a little theater thrown in then get this today. It might be commercial, but Styx was still able to keep their originality alive without succumbing to the corporate label. That would come later.
For quite some time I've been searching for a toy medical kit for my 6-yr old to play with. This one turned out to be nicely equipped and rather durable too. All components seem to be well made and allow enough room for kid's imagination. Good deal for the money.
I really liked this pump when it worked the first week. I received this May 18 and it's now June 10; I'm once again in search for a new dispenser. I should've listened to all the latest reviews for this product but I wanted to take a chance. It used to be a great item according to some of the reviews on here so I thought perhaps the company would've listened and by now would've changed back to their old, reliable dispensers that they used to sell. Unfortunately this isn't the case. It's just another cheap acrylic that looks good and works fine until 2 weeks into it you're realizing the pump no longer works and refuses to spring back up on its own. Needless to say, I will be returning this (I ordered this via prime and there's no shipping cost to return - thank goodness!) Do yourself a favor and look for another dispenser because this isn't it, unless you like to throw money away and get a new one every 2 weeks.
I have never been a fan of the Wario Woods puzzle games. stick with Dr Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine and Super Puzzle Fighter 2 Turbo. 2 stars.
These tools are are not black but are actually chrome.They seem to be below average in quality and don't fit well. They are also quite short but would be OK for replacements in a compact on-board emergency kit if you were selling the bike. One of them wiped out a screw on my beemer due to a wobbly fit. You can do better than these for the same money. I recommend the the flip style, as it fits in more places. I hope the rest of Cruztools products are superior to these.
[Update: This review was written about the first edition. I was called by a consumer advocate magazine several years later. In a quick recheck I found 14 errors in two chapters. In the reporter's later edition 12 of 14 errors had been corrected.]Someone didn't proofread this volume. It is a shame too. It would be a great cookbook and a source of good inspiration otherwise. As it is, it is a dinner party disaster waiting to happen.Typos abound. Temperatures are forgotten. Items in the directions are not in ingredients list -- and ingredients listed are not in the directions. (Example: a mushroom risotto doesn't mention when to add the mushrooms.) The errors are frequently serious enough to render your very expensive ingredients inedible.And caveat emptor: This is a compendium of Martha's previously published cookbooks. I do not know if the original cookbooks had the same errors.The book is also overwhelming -- even for a cooking addict. It became a game for me to see how exclusionist the ingredients list could be. I got out my Italian and French cooking dictionaries to figure out the obscure terms. To share the fun I called neighbors and friends from Venice, Paris and Lyon.... What DOES plissee mean????Joy of Cooking and Fannie Farmer are better places for novices to start. Experienced cooks will appreciate and their money will be better spent on another volume from James Beard or Cordon Bleu.It is a great cookbook to get ideas from... but I would hate to be forced to actually cook from it. Martha, my dear: a major revision with a good copy-editor and recipe-checker would make it worth buying.
Wow what an awesome movie. All the movie stars. Each character was played by the perfect actor. Tom Cruise knocked it out of the park on this one.Very well done. I know I heard all the critics say he didnt fit the part. But you know they say that about all of his movies. he has been black balled for being of a certain religion. Dont we americans call that racism? Anyway it is a movie that was pure entertainment.
This could have been a great product but it really is not. The bottom rack makes difficult to find anything. I would recommend some other one and am only keeping it because it would be a hassle to return. In hindsight, I would have bought one of the rack's that spin or something, so that I could easily find and assemble the bottles.
I hugely enjoy David Hurwitz' cd reviews on Classics Today, which are witty, incisive and knowledgeable, with a refreshing absence of undue reverence for the big names in the music industry (record labels and conductors alike) and a total lack of the conspicuous chauvinism that German reviewers display. On the strength of those reviews I have bought many a cd and the choices I made that way have seldom been disappointing.But on this book: I partly agree with reviewer A. Johnston when he remarks that "Mahler's expressive and easthetic motivations" are not dealt with. What would also have been helpful are extracts from the symphonies' scores to illustrate certain passages (as in Truscott's book on Franz Schmidt's symphonies), so that you can not only hear (on the accompanying cd) but also see the complexity of Mahler's music.Since in Mahler's music so many things go on, the book is cetainly valuable to the listener since it helps him / her(?) to understand what is happening and how this connects to what went on before and what to expect next. I still find myslef consulting the book every time I listen to a Mahler symphony and I find that it adds to my listening pleasure, so much of what Hurwitz set out to do is achieved.
Like "yaakov98," I knew every word of this record as a child. My sister now has the actual LP and plays it for her son, who can also sing the entire thing.But although kids love it, it is not at all a record for children. As a kid I recognized archy's hopeless crush on mehitabel, but completely missed why he was upset when she returned from her romantic fling with a litter of kittens...an unwed mother, and clearly not for the first time. "archy and mehitabel" veers from bouncy to melancholy, but "echoes of archy" is downright gloomy (though very enjoyable anyway).The music owes a lot to "West Side Story" in its jazzy orchestration, but has its own distinct voice -- listen how the cheery waltzy songs like "Cheerio my deario" have moments of minor chording that are ominous in tone.Highlights for me are: the chorus of alley cats crooning a cockeyed lullaby to the kittens ("Hushabye...go to sleep in the ash can") with mehitabel's counterpoint on the difficulty of her work/life balance. Also, the story of Horace, the theater cat of the "Old School" -- hysterical.By the way, although the "echoes of archy" segment is entirely done by David Wayne, it's not just spoken word. There are a lot of great songs too.
Jake needs the healing touch of a good woman but he hates to be touched since spending time in a terrorist prison. The unspeakable horrors he suffered torment him, especially at night, when the nightmare returns in vivid detail. He sleeps with the doors and windows open to the outdoors or better yet, when he can, out in the open. He rides a motorcycle and flaunts public disdain so as not to let anyone get close. The woman who finally gets to him is sent to try to get him to come in to the authorities for de-briefing about his imprisonment. As she slowly uncovers the reasons behind his reluctance to talk or be touched, she also discovers the torment in his soul. She then is caught between her "job" and her growing attraction to Jake. This story is one of the most original I have ever read and it's on my keeper shelf.
I got this one as the baby's shower gift and LOVE it. It does save my hands and my back. I can carry my baby everywhere with me and still be able to do chores (I have a colicky baby so I cannot leave her on the swing for long time). It's so simple to use and very well-designed for the safety of the child. I have only one suggestion: I don't think it would fit a big child though even it says that it can carry a child up to 25 lbs. You may want to try the Sport-Active style if your child is 20 lbs or bigger. Overall, I still recommend this one to anyone.
Great companion to the caterpillar to butterfly kits out there! My son was fascinated and it was nice to have a book to follow along the kit we bought seperately. Great for the preschooler.
Anne Perry is at the top of her game as a mystery novelist-and her true genius shows as editor of this creative endeavor! Quite clever to expand on the Dickens Classics-each writer who contributes shines-and it allows readers to sample the cream of the crop. Great read, makes a wonderful gift for the classics collector, and mystery lover!
Marked by an excellent performance by Ulrich Muhe ("The Lives of Others", "Funny Games"), this tragicomic film presents an historical fantasy blending fact and fiction, set in the waning months of World War II. Muhe plays Adolf Grunsbaum, an acting and voice professor, a humanist, and a prisoner in the Sachsenhausen concentration camp. One day, he is mysteriously rushed away from the camp, through the bombed out streets of Berlin to the HQ of the beleaguered Nazi party. Goebbels (Groth, who plays the same role in "Inglourious Basterds"), a former student and fan, had enlisted Grunsbaum once before to help to hone the Fuhrer's famous oratorical skills and he is hoping that the professor can work his magic once again. The position will grant Grunsbaum a unique opportunity; the chance to kill Hitler. Will he take advantage of the situation and forsake his deeply-held scruples?Helge Schneider plays Hitler as a deeply wounded, petulant child, striving in vain for the approval of his arbitrary and abusive father. He is a simpering wretch who has lost the bluster of his youth as his empire- and his resolve- crumbles. Alone in the mostly empty building steadily rocked by Allied bomb runs, he is deceived and patronized by the officers around him, even as they plot his overthrow.This is not a comedy, per se, as there are very few jokes. A good portion of the story is a kind of psychoanalysis of Hitler and his motives. Most of the humor stems from the depiction of the Nazi officers, including; Goebbels portrayed as an exceptionally smooth and ruthless conman and lech, Himmler with his right arm in a cast, propped up in a perpetual Sig Heil, and scenes depicting the absurd inanity of the bureaucracy of the Third Reich, including drawing guns on each other over the lack of a proper paper form, even as squads of Allied planes pepper them with bombs.Some people seem to take issue with the subject matter, but this film is not exploitative. It is simply unafraid to point out the humorous in the monstrous.
This is a must have book for young lawyers who want to try cases. All the fundamentals are here, and mastery of fundamentals is all you need to outperform most of the competition. Professor Murray is a long time trial lawyer, director of the Harvard Law School trial advocacy program, and has taught countless trial advocacy classes for lawyers. This is an opportunity to learn from the best.
This salt has an excellent "sea salt" flavor, much better than the himalayian pink crystal salt I was using before.
These people just go too far with scatological imagery. There are few people who could view this DVD without being repulsed by their tasteless and vulgar presentation.Just tone it down and make it more acceptable to the average person and perhaps they can get their much needed message across.Hard to watch or to take seriously...
Where to begin? Hmm, the positive, as there's so little: there are some amusing action sequences and one-liners. Sean Connery. Marian's servant. And... not too much else.Kevin Costner is Kevin Costner and talks in the most monotone voice that you just are begging for him to die already. (It's not good when you're cheering for Robin Hood to die.) He has a completely unnecessary (and supposedly body-doubled) nude scene which makes the romance between him and Marian that much more unappealing.Maid Marian almost deserves Kevin, though. Her character is horribly uneven. Why does she give up all Ninja skills when she meets Robin Hood? They should have had someone (the priest, the witch, the sheriff) knock her out to spare us her uselessness in the last fight.Speaking of uselessness: Azeem- a pointless character. I like Morgan Freeman, but his character was written with an agenda, to show the Christians are infidels and he is godly. I get the point, but it was very heavy-handed (and one-sided) and out of place in this movie. How many times does he have to say that he doesn't drink? Did we really need the rivalry between him and the friar? No. Did we need him at all? No- because the witch, who gives him purpose (as he has to kill her) is unnecessary. On a side-note, why does he have to kill the witch twice? How does she suddenly appear (un-stabbed) in the room? How is Azeem magically healed at the wedding? But let's not get bogged down with these trivialities.The script suffers from so many convolutions and complications, none of which add anything to the story. How many Darth Vaderesque scenes are we supposed to endure? "George, I am your mother!" "NOOOOOOOO!" "Robin, I am your half-brother!" "I have a brother." &lt;--Actual line, delivered in that same monotone voice; I had to laugh and cringe. Yes, you have a brother, but it's Christian Slater, sorry!Alan Rickman's sheriff is so over-the-top and adds yet another tone to this cacophony. The directors (there must have been more than one, right?) have conflicting ideas about what this movie's supposed to be and where it's going. It ends up being Braveheart (but without the brave and without the heart) and going nowhere. [Just tell me Kevin Costner doesn't look like William Wallace in this movie. Especially when he's giving all these speeches about freedom.]------------Bottom line:-Buy The Adventures of Robin Hood (Errol Flynn).-Buy Disney's Robin Hood.--Buy ANY Robin Hood! (except for perhaps the new Russell Crowe version which might suffer from trying to portray this light-hearted tale with realism and heaviness)Just avoid buying this movie.
This was purchased for use with the Aiptek digital/video camera. My son can set his camera up, get in front of it and use the remote to take pictures or make a video of himself/friends. They upload this material to their myspace pages. (some sort of struggling comedy team) that was supposed to gurantee Mom a financially secure future afther they were discovered, lol. Doesn't hurt to dream a lil, lol. Great product, serves it purpose.
Stan Lee at the time was cranking out these books with Fireside Press. This is part of the same series that brought us the reprint heavy Origins of Marvel Comics, Son of Origins of Marvel Comics and Bring on the Bad Guys.The book is heavy with reprints. Stan Lee provides buffer pieces between reprints. He did this in the other books in the series but here they have shrunk to one page or so. I really don't think people read the things and looking back now I wonder if they are as objective as they could have been in regard to who created what.Now I enjoyed the reprints, though these are the stories only without the covers. But some of the choices of stories had me scratching my head, until I realized that unlike other volumes in the series the "O" word (Origins) was not in the title.The format allowed stories to be presented that were not origins (though there are some in there) such as the first time Sue (Invisible Girl) Storm uses her force field.Over all, this is the Marvel equivalant of the DC 100 page Super Spectacular Comics a big book of fun reprints (and judging by the used prices its cheaper than some of them).So if you like your women super powered this is the book for you. If you are trying to do some serious research regarding the behind the scenes stuff that went into the creation of these characters you might have to look elsewhere.
This cable uses a N-type connector rather than a reversed SMA connector.
We have so much fun with this rocket balloon pump & balloons. It is much better than the cheap ones you get in the store (with the straws to blow them up). You pump up a balloon and let it go and it makes a screeching loud noise & they go up VERY HIGH (we have lost a bunch of them on rooftops & other high places). We even have "races" with them when we have barbecues, the kids & adults all get in on it, everyone pumps a balloon and then we let them all go at once to see whose goes the highest, its very fun & the sound drives the dogs crazy. My only complaint would be that it is pretty expensive at $10 plus $5 for shipping. I probably wouldn't mind paying $8 for this and even up to $10 TOTAL COST, but when it comes out to $15-it just seems very expensive. I guess whats good is that it comes iwth 50 balloons but for the price we have to pay including shipping-maybe they should consider giving us 75-100 balloons and then I would give it 5 stars. The balloons ar epretty durable & reusable (if you don't lose them on rooftops) but so far out of about 30 balloons that we have used-about 8 or 9 of them were defective (they popped while we were pumping them up-and we did not overpump)....Have fun & I really suggest these rocket balloons as a stocking stuffer or a birthday gift, they will probide hours & hours of fun-best when used outdoors since indoors they can fly into your knick knacks & stuff-causing an accident. Also-tell the kids NOT TO let them loose in the street or in parking lots where there are cars-can be distracting & dangerous to drivers.
If you want a better understanding of how a strategic country of great importance has become a wasteland over the last thirty years , this is the place to start .Ahmed Rashid has been reporting on events in Afghanistan for over twenty years and has , or has had , contacts with all the major players in the Afghan nightmare , and so is the ideal person to write this book . It details the war with Russia , the civil war that followed , and ultimately the rise of the Taliban . Although the book is only 250 pages long , Ahmed Rashid gives the reader a clear understanding of how the complex tribal rivalries and feuds , the covert interference and hidden agendas of the Superpowers and Afghanistan's neighbours , and the wheeling and dealing of the large oil corporations have managed to perpetuate , and intensify the tragedy that is Afghanistan . This is no mean feat considering the endless amount of plots and sub-plots that the author has had to cram into each chapter .This book is not an in-depth account of the recent history of Afghanistan ( that would be well over a 1000 pages ) , that said , the amount of information crammed into these 250 pages is nothing short of miraculous . Highly recommended !
I heard a lot of good things about this game but didn't know what to expect. Not being a big Sudoku I was worried if I would like it, but for the budget price it was worth a risk. After two days I have to say that am completely hooked. It's gotten so bad that I have been having dreams about Picross tiles :(There's incredible value in this budget title. Even if you manage to burn through the bundled puzzles, you can jump online and download free add-ons from Nintendo. At this time of this writing there are four Mario puzzle packs available. Plus it has "Brain Age" inspired "Daily Picross" that keeps you coming back every day for new challenges.My only complaint is that the interface for 15x15 puzzles is incredibly clunky. It takes a lot of getting used to but it's not a show stopper.This style of game is the exact reason I purchased a DS.
My husband got me addicted to this miniseries. I am usually not the type of person whom you would classify as a scifi geek, but now you can find me on a cold sunday afternoon with my Dune cd's and a hot chocolate.
I can't finish all my compliment for this book in this short review. You are not gonna believe it is such a splendid book until you read it yourself. This book is a saga with so much wisdom and humanity. It is as good as ancient Greek epic (with all repect to Greek) if not better. The wisdom in it is uncommonly plentiful. Trojan horse looks children's game after you finished the book. Romance of three kingdoms is a part of Chinese lives and now becoming popular in the world. Many Japanese companies make this book as a must-read for management staff. Read this book and I garantee that your time will be delightfully spent.
Can't beat this for your basic mouse bad. Even sticky balls roll well, just the right amount of friction, padded for your hand. No garish pictures.For optical mice, works fine but the Fellowes Optical Mouse Pad allows smoother and more accurate motion, and seems like it should provide more preciese optical tracking.If you have wrist discomfort, the Fellowes gel wrist pad helps with that.
Some websites can be successfully loaded into the device, others can't. ID Vault has been able to add ONLY 50% of the sites I regularly log onto and it has not been able to enter the website of a **leading** financial institution. Unless they come up with a new improved model,(will they ever?) I will never buy this thing again.
Held my interest from cover to cover.
I really enjoyed this movie a lot. At first, I was hestitant to watch it, but after viewing it - I was really pleased.Cute, and humorous, yet believable...this was more than the "fairy tale" story. It was set in real down-to-earth life, and even though I've never heard of Genovia, it seemed pretty believable!And usually I take "G" movies as kid's entertainment, but being an adult, I was surpised how much I enjoyed it also. And with the content of the films that are out there, it is good to see there is a movie that is morally clean, good clean language, the the movie is still worth watching!!
WOW...I thought games this bad were a thing of the past! And they actually want $35-40 for this piece of garbage too!!!!This game is not worth spending much time on so let me be short.Graphics are rough and crappy even on a high end system. The missions are dull, the enemy AI is TERRIBLE, the aiming/gun siting system is terrible. You spend way too much time trying to setup effective kill shot and by then the half brain dead enemies move any way!This game is unchallenging, uninspired and is a total disappointment. Tons of cut-scenes that eat up way too much time, no substance. I cannot believe websites like Gamespot actually rated this as a 7.5(GOOD)!!!!!This is a first person shooter that makes you feel like your character is covered in molasses because all responses and movements are slow and frustrating even after you adjust settings in options. Aiming is a nightmare. The battles are more of an exercise in learning how NOT to make a game than being about fun or entertainment.Trust me...download the demo (if there is one) and play this fully before you burn your money on this piece of trash that is lower than seagull crap in my opinion.By the way, if you go to Activision's website to check out this game (GET THIS!!!) They actually want you to type in your birthdate and they request a valid CREDIT CARD # to validate that you are an adult due to the mature nature of this game...LOL LOL LOL LOL...yeah right! Like I am really going to give those morons my credit card info. Even if this game was a 10 star rating I would not do that! What idiots!
I simply cannot say enough horrible things about this book. There are no words to describe how truly awful it is.
Essentially stripping away the production on this effort, the material found on "Start A War" is more raw and direct, grating away at the listener with unclouded aggression. Buzzsaw like guitars attack with staccato patterns while growled vocals spread their rage in equally perforated cadence. Surprisingly, electronics seem to play more of a background role this time out with the band concentrating on an increased traditional instrumental performance, leaving the digital aspect to become atmosphere for the most part.However, while the band have definitely focused on their playing this time out, the songwriting is what holds the album back. Aside from the bizarre use of horns on "I Want To F***ing Break It", the bulk of this album feels unfocused and derivative. The material rarely peaks and instead gets caught up in repetition and tedious posturing that sounds entirely phoned in.In turn, the album doesn't so much start a war as it does a bore. With much of their dynamic energy exhausted during the opening passages of each song, the material quickly become about as interesting and engaging as watching a stumbling out of breath runner inch towards the finish line. There's no doubt it will appeal to the bands legion of diehard fans, but it'd be hard pressed to rally up anyone else to their cause.
My husband and I watched every episode of this series when it was on TV and really enjoyed it. It was different than any other Sci-fi series I've seen. It felt more real to me than others and more thoughtful.The planet referred to in the title is a mystery gradually revealed as the series progresses. The characters are very human, not just action figures.There should be two separate ways to review DVDs. There should be the review of the series or movie itself and then a review of the quality of the DVD. I originally bought this series new from Movie Mars and the DVD turned out to be defective. Unfortunately, I didn't find this out in time to get an exchange or my money back, because I loaned it to a family member who didn't end up watching it. So I will remember to watch any DVDs I buy very soon after I get them. Of course, with a series you might not want to watch it all at once, but that's the only way to find out in time.
To be perfectly honest, I sort of hated Christopher Paolini for putting garbage like Eragon out on the shelves and calling it a masterpiece, but, after seeing this movie, I feel sorry for him.Eragon was a bad book that got turned into an even worse movie. If I were Paolini, I would punch everyone involved with the creation of this film in the face.I don't blame the actors. They performed their roles with extreme believability. Edward Speelers as Eragon and Chris Egan as Roran were adorably realistic in their little farm boy wrestling match and I could see the general idea behind Roran and Eragon's relationship in their interaction. Unfortunately, like most of the things in this movie, it was only an idea rather than a fully developed representation.Arya. I am not the biggest Arya fan, but, goodness, what did they do to her? If their goal was to ruin any chance of a cinematic sequel, they certainly succeeded. Arya had absolutely nothing to imply that she was an elf besides a mention of being princess of Ellesmera. And unless you've read the books, how are you to know that Ellesmera is the land of the elves. Hell, without the stereotypical pointy ears, Arya is just a human-in-distress. Plus, she seems to return Eragon's affections, which is so unlike her I had to laugh.Saphira was well-done considering how budget the rest of the movie was, but, honestly? Eragon has a baby dragon, he throws the baby dragon in the air so it can fly, it comes down a fully grown dragon. An appropriate reaction would have been, "What happened to you?!" I was laughing so hard I nearly missed the next few scenes. The mockery they made of the relationship between Eragon and Saphira was hilariously atrocious. And if I have to hear the phrase, "We are one!" again, I will hurl.And, oh, more hilarity ensues when the Ra'zac burn down Eragon's farm with his uncle inside. First of all, as far as I could tell, Saphira was flying him TOWARD his farm, not AWAY from it, so how Eragon could yell at her for making him too late to save his uncle is beyond me. Perhaps I missed something, but I would think that being on a dragon would get him to the farm faster than walking. And then Brom shows up and tells Eragon that they have to leave now, but Eragon refuses to leave without burying his uncle. Brom's solution is to set Garrow on fire.Seriously, if somebody set your dead uncle on fire against your will, would you go anywhere with him?There was so much to hate about this movie that it made Eragon the book seem like a wonderful dream. I really feel for you Paolini. I can't see Eldest becoming a movie after this total flop.
I just love this candy I remember eating these when I was A child. And this is the first time i've come across these in years. The price is right and the taste is the same good and chewy just how I remember.
I would recommend this whole series to anyone and everyone. A friend had recommended Francine River's books to me and I started looking at her selection. The first one I choose was A Voice in The Wind. It got such good reviews I decided to try it. From the minute I picked it up I couldn't put it down! The way Francine Rivers writes is so captivating and riveting you have to know what is going to happen next. I love the fact that it's so good and pure and yet so addictive. I stayed up for hours at night reading and was always exhausted the next day but I couldn't stop. I read the first book in less then a week in between my two jobs. As soon as I finished I ran to the book store and bought the other two. I was going to try to get them off ebay or amazon but couldn't wait. I highly suggest just buying the whole trilogy at one time. You will save money and time that way. Her other books are very good as well but this trilogy took the cake for me...it's my all-time favorite books ever. What a wonderful love story. An absolute must have.
Anthrax is really a different band. They cannot be compared to other metal bands and this album proves this. I bought it in the middle of August and until today I'm listening to it everyday in my car. The album is great from the beginning to the end. Buy it!!This is the best record since '95 because in '95 was the release of Stomp 442. Do a good thing, buy this one too !!!
I got the marine color bath towel. I expected it to be really thick but it is not as thick as some other reviews suggest here. Just thicker than cheap towels we see at walmarts.It gives you the feeling of a quality woven item. I had no problem drying it in the dryer like some apparently have had.But I am not going to try air-druing it on my Moerman dryer rack:Moerman Laundry Solutions Y-Airer Indoor Folding Clothes Drying Rack 79 Feet Of Drying SpaceI can not say anything for durability yet.It has been a month or so since I started using this towel. It is OK for now.I hope it lasts at least as twice longer as cheap walmart/China towels.
But obviously close enough to warrant a &quot;perfect&quot; rating.While I could easily chime in with the other 5-stars, let me tell you what this book lacks.During the Hiragana, not much time is spent on the plosive and voiced mark. You'll probably figure them out mid-way through the Katakana section, but still, he could have put more effort into explaining them, even just in an appendix.Also, while he gives you a great device to help you understand the order words appear in a Japanese dictionary, he doesn't explain it all that well. You'll need to fumble around a little in a Japanese dictionary to figure it out.Also, for some reason, in the katakana section, he occassionally assumes you know some basic kanji. Why this would be the case when most readers have just finished hiragana, I don't know. But you can get through it all right anyway, trust me. I don't know any kanji, and I'm doing all right (katakana seems easier than hiragana, actually).And finally, and most importantly, NOTHING is said about dipthongs. What are dipthongs? Well, I myself haven't quite figured it out yet, although I'm on the right track (a small &quot;ya&quot; written to the right and down of &quot;chi,&quot; for instance, makes it into &quot;cha&quot;--confusing, right?). Anyway, how hard would it have been to have a little apendix on that? It really warrants a lesson in and of itself, but all he says is something like &quot;all you've got left to learn are dipthongs, which you'll find in the introductory pages of any Japanese grammar book&quot;. Um, like which grammar book? I bought this one to teach me.Anyway, these quibbles can't outweigh my love and enthusiasm for this book. I really works, I SWEAR to you. I can read hiragana, and I've had the book for a week! 30 minutes a day and a little more practice is all it takes. If you have the dedication, this book will help you do it, no doubt about it.Once you're done here, just move on to Heisig's excellent series of &quot;Remembering the Kanji&quot; (Vol-1 is basic Kanji, Vol-2 is pronounciation of those kanji, more kanji, and some grammar, Vol-3 is advanced stuff). This track is definitely the wisest choice, as it will prepare you well, and you could easily be fluent in under a year if you work at it every day with him.If you just want a jump-start into the language after learning hiragana/katakana (but PLEASE learn that first), then try Japanese for Busy People (Kana Version). But Heisig's route really is best, as unorthodox as it might seem at first.To sum up: get this book. And avoid romanji, in all its forms, at ALL COSTS. It will only hinder you if you truly want fluency in reading/writing and speaking Japanese.
Coming from a &quot;cook as little as possible&quot; upbringing, I was clueless on all the basics (roast chicken, really good baked potatoes). This book is my bible of cooking! I have made so many recipes for friends &amp; they love them all. They actually offer some low-fat alternatives, which is refreshing. I have a lot of other cookbooks, but this is by far the one I rely on!
This book has music and tabs for every song by Metallica through the Black Album. It includes most of the rhythm riffs from those songs and in very few cases, a few solo bars. Advanced guitarists should look into the &quot;Play it like it is&quot; books because they contain entire songs, and not just 2-page rhythm examples (which is essentially what this book contains). But if you're just beginning or if you only want basic Metallica rhythms, look no further than Riff by Riff.
This is one of Lewis's landmark books that should be read by anyone who ever has difficulty of coming to terms with a loving God who allows/initiates pain in the lives of the ones He lovesNeedless to say, this book does a wonderful job of shifting the perspective off of pain as something that hurts us and has absolutely no value whatsoever to the reality that we experience pain for a reason. Physically, we experience pain in order to prevent us from repeating a mistake. Like the example of leaving your hand on a hot pan; the heat and pain you experience is your body's way of telling you that if you leave it there longer it might result in irreparable harm. Thus, what value might emotional or spiritual pain have for us as well? This is where Lewis examines thoroughly.I love the fact that despite proving a very rational and profound point about pain that Lewis, still, basically says that some pain...just hurts, which is life. But that there is always an opportunity for growth whenever, if not because, pain is present in our lives.This can honestly open up your eyes and possibly shift your thinking or way of seeing things if you really read it as it is intended to be read. Though, Lewis is one of those writers that you either get or don't get.Much like J.G. Marking's "A Voice Is Calling," however much you put into this book is how much you will get out of it because the sheer depth and power of "Problem of Pain" is in its intimacy with the reader and its ability to express a cathartic exhale for the reader.With his influence on new, contemporary writers, many of which draw comparisons to Lewis because of style or ability, see J.G. Marking above, it is not difficult to see why Lewis was labeled as the most influential thinker/writer of the 20th century and why he will continue into the 21st as well.
As an esoteric eclectic, I have devoted the past four decades to both the study and practice of the foremost spiritual traditions--Theravada, Zen, and Tibetan Buddhism; Hindu Raja Yoga, Advaita Vedanta, and Kashmir Shaivism; Daism (the teachings of Adi Da); and Christian Hermeticism, and in this time I have never encountered a spiritual book better than Talks with Sri Ramana Maharshi. If I could give it six stars, I would. The book is a collection of enlightening talks between Ramana and numerous individuals representing the entire spectrum of spiritual development. The talks, which took place between 1935 and 1939, include conversations with such notables as Paramahansa Yogananda and W.Y Evans-Wentz, author of The Tibetan Book of the Dead.I am well aware of the progression of Advaita Vedanta gurus since Ramana, and I've read the books by Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj, Ramesh Balsekar, Papaji, Jean Klein, Andrew Cohen, Gangaji, Adyashanti, and many of the others who have come after Ramana. As a spiritual teacher, when I'm asked to compare these "gurus" to Ramana, I usually become like Sparky Anderson, who managed the Big Red Machine in the 1970s. When Sparky was asked to compare other catchers to the Reds' catcher Johnny Bench, his reply was: "I don't want to embarrass anyone." Sometimes someone will insist that Sri Nisargadatta's I Am That is better than Talks with Sri Ramana Maharshi. All I can do at that point is be like Jesus and "forgive them, for they know not what they say." Nisargadatta, unlike Ramana, did not awaken as the Heart and radiate Hridaya (or Cit) Shakti, and he didn't talk about Amrita Nadi, the radiant force-current between the Hridaya, or Heart-center (just to the right of the center chest, and distinct from the anahata, or heart, chakra).What separates Ramana from the other Advaita Vedanta gurus is the breadth and depth of his teachings. For example, I read Adyashanti's book Emptiness Dancing many years ago, and in it, he said that he said he had a kundalini experience when he practiced Zen (before later becoming an Advaita Vedanta-type guru). But he never said another thing about kundalini in the book: how it relates to the enlightenment process and Self-realization. By contrast, Ramana says Kundalini is another name for the Self. In other words, for Ramana, the Self is not just static Consciousness, but also dynamic Energy; in other words, Siva-Shakti. Although Ramana is considered an Advaita Vedanta guru, his teachings transcend the tradition.None of the other Advaita Vedanta gurus I mentioned explicitly taught or teach Ramana's method of Self-enquiry ("locating" the transcendental `I,' or Self, by undermining the false `I,' or ego-self) Self-enquiry is the most powerful and direct method to realize the Self (in, and eventually as, the Heart)--and it is beyond my comprehension how any true Advaita Vedanta guru could not teach it. Along with Dzogchen-type contemplation, it is what I teach my students.If you decide to buy Talks with Sri Ramana Maharshi, do NOT buy the Inner Directions publication, which has been shamelessly edited (and grossly de-esotericized). Instead, get the Sri Ramanasramam one, by Munagala Venkataraman, available at Amazon.com (or Google Arunachala Ashrama and get a higher-quality hard-cover version). If you decide to start out with an introductory Ramana book, get the excellent compendium Be As You Are: The Teachings of Sri Ramana Maharshi, by David Godman.
I've loved these performances for a long time, and was delighted to see DG re-release them in a budget box. These are really "salon" performances, and I mean that in the best sense of the word. You won't find Pollini-pounding or Zimmermann-zapping here; what you will find is superb technique in the service of impressive interpretations. Highly recommended.
The Japanese film industry has been cranking out superb samurai movies for decades. This particular trilogy, however, does not represent a high point in the genre's history.The trilogy tells the story of Musashi Miyamoto (played here by legendary actor Toshiro Mifune), a master swordsman who spends his time wandering the countryside and getting into duels with various other tough guys. These duels are deeply unconvincing, in terms of staging - people will fall over even when a sword thrust misses them by about three feet. Worse yet, there are never any interesting reasons offered as to *why* these samurai are always fighting. Miyamoto and his rivals are dedicated to fighting simply for its own sake, and to prove who is the "toughest" or "best" swordsman. The endless macho posturing of these characters ("I hold the supreme [swordfighting] diploma!") grated on me after a while; watching these idiots constantly attack each other is tantamount to watching two bratty kids have a snowball fight. If you're looking for complex characters with compelling motivations, then look elsewhere.Inevitably, in a series of action films that's so conservative and silly, the female characters have little or nothing to do. Unbelievably, two women fall in love with Miyamoto and pursue him endlessly, even though he's cold to them and repeatedly insists that he prefers swordfighting to loving. Miyamoto's treatment of both women is nasty and tough to watch, and dates the films terribly.In the trilogy's defense, it does occasionally attempt to put forward serious moral messages. While the plot involves a silly amount of duelling, there is some talk about how Miyamoto should not kill people simply to prove that he's the best; a true samurai should show restraint. But this "pacifist" message is delivered in a corny way - with Miyamoto even putting down his sword for a while and becoming a farmer (!) - and it's undermined by the trilogy's violent conclusion anyway.Oh, and by the way, the Criterion Collection DVD releases of this trilogy have dark and muddy prints. So you won't even get much visual joy out of these much-overrated films. If you're interested in samurai films of, um, greater substance, I would suggest Harakiri, Samurai Rebellion, Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, Love and Honor, The Twilight Samurai, and The Hidden Blade. Each of these films is two to three stars better than this silly potboiler of a trilogy.
My 32 month old son has been able to make potty for a year, but refuses to do so. Not any more! He loves this new potty! It works great! He knows how to point himself down so he doesn't make a mess with or without the guard. The music works perfectly. It's easy to clean. But the best part is that he loves it and WANTS to use it! Thank you SO MUCH Fisher-Price!
Utada's english is quite good, good enough that when I first saw a commcercial for Kingdom Hearts and heard the song I was like "Oh just great, they got Christina Aguilara to write a song for a Squaresoft/Disney game." Then later on I found out that it wasn't any of our boring American pop princesses, but rather a japanese pop idol, Utada Hikaru (affectionately reffered to by fans as "Hikki-chan")I caught onto the J-pop craze after a crush introduced me to his fave J-idol, Camui Gackt. Then I started to pick up on Utada. I love her japanese songs, her english songs other than Simple and Clean are pretty lame and even Simple and Clean's original version "Hikari" just sounded way better as a japanese song.(the lyrics were completely different and had more meaning)I would probably listen to just about ANYTHING if it were presented to me in a language I didn't immediately understand. Heck, I'd probably even listen to N*sync or the Backstreet Boys if they dressed in techno-goth/cyber-garb, played electric violins and sang in japanese. ^_^But Hikki does make an effort to sing and write for her english speaking fans which not many J-poppers do. So I guess I have to admire her for that. This album is pretty mediocre and will probably last you one listen before you fall asleep or become irritated by the laughable lyrics."She doesn't need you anymore, she's got a new microphone. Your easy breezie and I'm japaneezie..." Hun, what the hell were you thinking? I actually liked the "Blow My Whistle" song off the Rush Hour 2 soundtrack BETTER than this and that song wasn't spectacular either...Sorry but... "hee-kah-rew???" Why did Foxy Brown mispronounce Hikki-chan's name?I would've felt insulted if I was her. Its pronounced "Hee-kah-doo." OOH-TA-DA / HEE-KA-DU. -.-In japanese R's sometimes substitute for D's and L's.If you want REAL Utada, look for her japanese stuff.
I mean, it's a great game controller. Works great with my bluetooth link to my computer, using it to play various emulated games. But Amazon is asking me how much fun this game is, and how I'd rate it overall. And being as it's not much of a game in and of itself, I'm going with the lowest rating.
Great basic blu-ray if you just want to the movie without too many bonus features. But why do the previews have to play by default?! Ugh. It's so annoying to skip through them every time I want to watch the movie.
Ayreon is a genius. Soaring synthesizer work, tasty guitars and everything in between is just perfectly produced and performed. I can't recommend this album highly enough. And everything else he's done also. I bought this here because I did not find it on iTunes at the time.
Directed and starring Bill Paxton, this round was much better than the last Paxton did with Traveller in which is starred in and produced. Which was not bad for a first directorial effort. It is dark and mysterious and has a great twist ending (I surely didn't expect). I liked it even though my friend Louis didn't. He teaches lighting for film and video and was disappointed in most of the film particularly the lighting. I liked the story and felt it was a fun 'ride' through Fenton Meeks (Matthew McConaughey) telling of the murderous tale. A surprising eleventh hour revelation puts the movie on its end of this well made psychological thriller.**** stars.
i really like the sound on this album, as compared to some of their newer stuff. yeah it doesn't sound as polished, but that helps make it good. i can hear plenty of emotion in the vocals and i just love the feel of the music. each track has a variety of sounds and makes the whole thing very interesting to listen to.i'm listening to it more and more these days, it's really growing on me.
I bought this book just for the title b/c it reflects exactly what I always believed, men do love bitches. Except I learned that I was the wrong type of bitch. I was the "Joan Collins, Dynasty" bitch instead of the "Sweet Georgia Peach Bitch." I would like to thank the author for making the right bitch, I was way off. LOL
I bought this for Sherrilyn Kenyon's piece, and have to say all of the stories are entertaining. Am I glad that I read them? Not really.Kenyon/MacGregor is an auto-buy for me. And while I enjoyed her story the most, I feel as though this "BAD" series in no way compares to her Dark Hunters. I know that they're two totally different storylines but, if I later found out that she really didn't write this series, I wouldn't be surprised. Not to mention, it would be better to just buy her "Born to be BAD" where you get this novella plus the previous two at the grand `ole price of $7.50.After having read the prior reviews, it's funny that most people disliked Melanie George's "Promise Me Forever" so much, while I found it to be an average read. I didn't find the heroine to be a push over, and I didn't think the hero did anything out of character. After making a mistake he decided to rectify it. The timing was poor, considering it was the eve of her wedding to another. Nothing very memorable with this one, but that's better than disappointment, which is what I got with the third story.As far as Jaid Black's contribution is concerned, while it was well written and will stay with me unfortunately, it was the worst piece in my opinion. Yes, we get lots of hot sex scenes but with no... emotion, tenderness. The world the author created, while well thought out, reads more like a nightmare that the heroine never really gets to wake up from. I love alpha hero's but this guy is just too much. The heroine is debased and humiliated at every opportunity. In my opinion, what could have been a very interesting premise, turned out to be a setting compiled totally for the opportunity to incorporate sexual situations that I found to be extremely distasteful. Nude women, captured, plucked, and sold on an auction block was just the beginning of the ugly mess. If you want to read great erotica I would recommend Lora Leigh and Sarah McCarty.
I like this pitcher, well polished and good quality. I put the pitcher in the freezer for a couple of minutes before frothing the milk which makes the froth almost like whipped cream.
These plates are really lovely. They are light yet sturdy, and can be used safely in microwave and dishwasher. What I love about them is that the design on each one is different, yet they all match. They are original and cheerful, but not tacky, and the colors are subdued enough that they don't clash with presenting food. I look forward to collecting the other pieces. Price wise: I've seen this set in Bath Body & Beyond for $150 and on the Lenox website for a lot more. I've also seen some odd pieces in Marshalls, at $10 a pop, you can do the math. The label on the box had $312 on it as the original price. So the Amazon deal is really good. Also, packing and shipping was really good, not a scratch on them.
One for the IT Depts shelf and multiple copies please as it will be sure to vanish. Excellent disection of Firewalls in general with many good working examples. Needs updating to take account of new products but many found in here are still the mainstay of companies day in and out today. Recommended 5 Stars.
Love the way these look, but...Tried these on for all of 10 min at home and had to send them back: the outside (lateral?) edge of the footbed is higher than the inside (arch) area. Very uncomfortable.If you are a person who likes arch support, or has a problem with over pronation (rolling ankle inward), then these are really not for you.
funny, cool, sweet, funny, great action, good dubbing, did i mention is was funny? you should own this movie right now! some of the best action sequences ever! all in all this movie is just plain great
I also saw them live including the Meet and Greet in Los Angeles last year. We were in the second row with a lot of eye contact and interaction - it was WONDERFUL!! So I was really looking forward to "reliving" the experience with this DVD. I agree with the other reviewers who also had seen this concert live - this performance was NOT as good as their later performances being it was recorded early in the tour and we were almost at the very end of the American leg. But that aside - if you were not lucky enough to have been at one of these concerts, this is a very good alternate. Il Divo is one of the most exciting and talented groups to come down the pipeline in many, many years. I still get chills when they enter one of their famous crescendos and never tire of listening to them. I have every single CD and DVD they have released to date and am anxiously awaiting their next effort. If you want truly extraordinary singing and composition, try this concert. I rated this DVD five stars even though it was not as polished as the live performance I saw - mainly because if I hadn't had the comparison, I would have loved it even more.
"Chamber" was always the worst entry in the Harry Potter series, but this film adaptation manages to take what was already a crappy story and make it even worse. Choppy editing, horrible humor personified by the untalented Rupert Grint, smug acting by the equally untalented Emma Watson, poor screenwriting by that hack Steve Kloves and incompetent direction by the other hack Chris Columbus makes this a very unpleasant experience.Skip it if you can.
Mandelbrot has been pushing his fractals longer than most of us have been around. They might well describe the markets better than the CAPM but do they predict better is the key question? William Sharpe, who "invented" the CAPM, makes this very point on his home page. The CAPM captures risk and return, albeit imperfectly but what does Mandelbrot capture? Certainly not an audience as his theories will remain tangential until they have practical use. He wil always be at the frontier until his theory has a practical application, something for good and bad the CAPM has.The normal curve, is, with the lognormal distribution, the entry point to the world of heavy tails and quirkier distribtions and these are all used in markets world wide every day of the week; even the CAPM is widely used in corporate risk assessment. Ditto the imperfect Black Scholes model which allows us to predict, accurately enough for our purposes, the price of a European call, and thence a put etc etc. Although improvements have been have been made, it is like mother nature: unless the improvements give us better predictability, they are probably not worth the effort. Because the BS model gave us that predictability, it is widely used. Until Mandelbrot can do the same, his work will remain tangential at best, irrelevant at worst.
U$8.xx a bottle is no bargin. My service source sells it to me for U$6.00. I think the oil is great.
After reading a few lukewarm reviews here, I read this book anyway because I liked the Will Lee character and Stuart Woods style. This is definitely a quick read as it never lets up. Most of Woods' books are like this (esp. his earlier ones). &quot;Chiefs&quot; is one of the most amazing books I've ever read. There are a few leaps taken with &quot;The Run&quot;, but they're very forgiveable and its a fun read.
I guess these woefully inept boys are all right for bleating to sports audiences over a stadium PA system, but that's about as far as it goes. I'm sure they think listening to these guys gives them a little culture. Come to think of it, that is probably the case. Horses for courses, I guess.They are touted as bridging the gap between pop and classical. More accurately, they do neither well, dumbing down classical and blanding out pop. The fact that they do neither well does not make them gap-bridgers or crossover artists or anything except the the ill-begotten progeny of a money-hungry producer's greed and bad taste.Of course, he laughs all the way to the bank at his little joke on the public. As HL Mencken said, "No one ever went broke underestimating the taste of the public".
WARMING: This CD, although terrific, will not run on any PC with a Windows OS after Windows 98. It will not work on Windows 2000, XP or Vista. Unless you have a very old PC on which you can run it, save your money.
This item is so hard to find at even hardware or home improvement stores, let alone grocery stores. It was just what I was looking for and at a good price.
What's happened to Paramount Pictures? And why do previews entice fans, make a movie look so entertaining you just have to see it?If I'd known The Devil Inside wasn't a movie, but someone holding a camera, jerking, to boot, I'd never have rented it. Thankfully, it was only 1.00. 1.00 lost.The errors!In the beginning it's stated Maria killed three people. While Isabella, 'Maria's daughter' is telling the story, she says her mother killed two people.I can't count the number of times the actors laughed during a serious scene. Probably didn't realized the 'one' camera was directed at them.Their laughter was contagious..felt like I was watching Bloopers.In one scene, Father David Keane is performing Baptism. In an earlier scene, he says he's in trouble with the church. Why then, would be be allowed to Baptize a baby???Stupidity!Father Keane cuts his wrist. There's blood everywhere. A second priest, Father Rawlings, has a baffled/dumb look on his face and mumbles, 'What should I do?' Duh, call for an ambulance or get the *ell out!The acting was awful and phony, the shaking camera gave me a headache, and the ending atrocious.People who like Blair Witch or Paranormal Activity might enjoy this film? Documentary? Whatever!!! And/or people who aren't bothered by mistakes.I'm actually happy I watched instead of buying the DVD. I'd really have a lot to complain about. Toni
This book is a weak taste of OpenGL at best. The author forgets his audience, writing as if he is explaining the concepts to a junior high school student. He spends more time explaining cartesian graphs, radians vs. degrees, and what a basic matrix is than talking about JOGL.When he does get to JOGL, he leaves it up to the reader to figure out how to install it -- a non-trivial matter particularly for beginners, his intended audience. Instead of providing an outline or at least a link to up to date installation method, he provides a link to someone else's site which contains an outdated version.When you finally get to the content of the book, you are assaulted with examples. Examples are good, but the explanations here are mediocre. He often only explains a specific and very limited example leaving any creativity or real knowledge in a far of fantasy land of "the advanced JOGL programmer."What's worse, the examples are constantly rehashing previous examples. Building on past work is great, but we don't need to see the past work over and over and over. Code presented in the first example gets reprinted in *every* example in the entire book. A third of the book must be reprints of that example. Good grief.Though he aims for the "beginner" he mixes in unneeded and sometimes overly complicated routines. A prime example is his "centerWindow(...)" method. It does more than it claims (it also resizes the window in some cases) and does the centering in a way that is not going to be obvious to the beginner (shifting bits rather than multiplying ... yes, more efficient, but is it really neccessary here? NO).The first three chapters of this book are online on the author's website (genedavissoftware.com). I recommend you read the first chapter (you'll get everything he teaches about JOGL) and skip buying this one.The author deserves a little credit for trying to make the material more enjoyable; appropriate for a beginner book. However, he is too condescending and fails to present anything of particular value. Hopefully the next book will be a little more on target.
If you can get over the use of Slang you will love this book. I love LA Banks world and her characters I fell in love with the story and the potential.
Titus Andronicus was considered offensive back in Shakespeare's early days.The question is always the same: Is it art?In film, the basic criteria are plot, directing, acting, cinematography, soundtrack music, and a focused overall vision.This film meets or exceeds "excellent" in all these categories. The story is compelling, the actors are superb, the cinematography is stunning (especially the long moving horizontal shots), the soundtrack music is quite appropriate and kind of spooky, and the director's vision, disturbing as it may be, is skillfully focused. The story leads up to an inevitable climax.Do we enjoy seeing people being urinated on and smeared with feces? Of course not, but those scenes are quite brief, and they set up the audience's hatred for the antagonist, who certainly receives his due in the climax of the film.The oft-mentioned metaphor about Thatcherism and its effect on small business owners in Great Britain is quite accurate. Thatcher (much like Reagan) was anti-union and pro big business, allowing big, monopolistic corporations to take power and squash the little guy.In the film, the male protagonist dies with pages from the book about the French Revolution stuffed down his throat. Isn't it obvious that this director is making a political statement?Yes, this film is disgusting---but the systematic destruction of the middle class by greedy, exploitative corporate entities is even more disgusting.I think it's a great film. Even if you don't grasp its political message, it's still an engaging story. And, in classic fashion, the bad guy gets what he deserves.If only the political bad guys of the 20th and 21st centuries were coerced to do what Michael Gambol has to do at the end of this film. We can only hope.
As a professional consultant on personal healing and human relationships, I have studied innerpersonal and interpersonal communication skills for 40 years. I have worked professionally with author Robert Bolton and his associates. I have published a book about effective thinking and communication which includes learnings from Bolton.Except for "Peoplemaking" by Virginia Satir, this is the most practical, comprehensive, and insightful book I have found for people seeking to improve the effectiveness of their communications, relationships, and personal serenity.This book would be even more useful if Bolton included:1) that the aim of communication (behavior) is to fill current primary needs - so clear awareness of your and any partner's needs is essential;2) the reality that human behavior (including communicating) is inexorably shaped by the subselves that compose our personalities. Therefore, the first step in improving communication outcomes is to become aware of and harmonize our subselves. An effective way to do this is "Inner-family therapy." Without doing this, most readers will be unable to follow Bolton's helpful suggestions.3) the learnable skills of "awareness" and "digging down" are essential requisites for the five skills Bolton describes;4) the concept of "R(elationship) messages" that all kids and adults unconsciously decode from each other. These multimedia messages are among the most powerful factors affecting the outcome any communication interchange, yet few people are aware of them. And "People Skills" would be better if it integrated...5) the effects of human *gender* on communication priorities, perceptions, and outcomes. See "You Just Don't Understand," by linguist Barbara Tannen, and "Brain Sex," by Anne Moir and David Jessel.My book adds these factors to Bolton's concepts: "Satisfactions - 7 relationship skills you need to know" (xlibris.com, 2002).For a free online self-study course on improving your communication skills, see [...]
Was expecting more with the high price but my dog barely touched this, and when he did eat it he would have food allergies
Apparently Patricia Cornwell has never met a character she actually liked. Even her protagonists are irrasible and paranoid to the point that they can't get along with each other for more than five minutes without blowing up, storming out or otherwise behaving like emotionally stunted two-year-olds. It's unusual to enjoy a mystery and its solution without experiencing the slightest affinity for the people involved, but that's the way I feel reading Cornwell's books. Given the choice of hanging out with the good doctor, Superniece, and their friends or the unfortunate victims in the morgue, I'd choose the latter; at least they know how to stay calm and cool under pressure.
I have been a fan of this series for years. Every book has been a wonder, and has always left me waiting anxiously for the next installment in Anita's story. I have to say though, I was really disappointed in Incubus Dreams.Firstly, it's the sex scenes. Yes, I can hear the cries out there from the devotees. I don't have a problem with sex scenes. I realize that a lot of the story arc in LKH's novels revolve around sex (the Ardeur, various lycanthropy issues, etc.). My issue is that this book seemed to be nothing BUT sex. Aside from a glossed-over scene raising a zombie (which featured a sex scene before and after) and a battle at the end with a group of stripper-killing vampires at the end (which actually raised my rating one star since this part was well written) there was nothing but repetitive descriptions of Anita doing every man she ran across with long hair. I was hoping that Anita would finally resolve some of her issues with her powers and her Catholic hangups, but the way she resolved it seemed a little too easy.Secondly, I found the writing very amateurish, not what I expected from LKH at all. There were a lot of sentences that used the same descriptive word again and again and again (LOL). I really got a feeling that the sex scenes were written quickly or uncomfortably. The actual final battle was well-written, and as I was reading it I felt like I had finally found the book after 500 pages of the Penthouse letters.Third, and last was the sacrifce of the plot. Some will say that this book was necessary for the larger story arc. Fine. I still want a well-defined subplot resolved in a book I payed over $20 for! LKH has always managed to have a focus that is resolved in her previous books, this one would have been much better if the sex scenes had been choked back to under 200 pages and the plot developed further rather than a "see you next time" ending.
The LED is supposed to last the life of the TV so that is a great improvement over the arc lamp. I really like this TV.
I gave this one star, because I had to give it something to get to the body of the review. This is so bad, please stay way away from this. The premise is silly, the music is terrible. Roger Waters is a bass player. Where is he on this disc. The songs have no substance, no point, nothing musically. The social commentary is just self-indulgence. It is painful. I'm trying to stress this. There is nothing good on this. No reason to have anything to do with it. I love Pink Floyd. I do not understand this. I just know that I bought it used and 5 minutes into it, I ran out of the house screaming. Aside from the no music that is on this disc, the sound is dated also. So it is 1987 again. This ages badly. I begged the guy who I bought it from to let me exchange it. He did. Thank you, Joe, from Music Connection, Elmwood Park, N.J.
Well, I just picked this book up recently and I have to say, this book is just really, really good. This book collects another year's worth of Daredevil comics #38-50, and is the third in a series of great Marvel Daredevil hardcovers. This one picks right up where the last one left off (as you would expect) and is the best yet. This time around, you get to see a lot of what Daredevil does in his regular life as a reporter and as a ladies' man. As in Vol. 2, Matt Murdock spends more time out of his costume than in it, but that's OK, because what he is doing out of costume is still very interesting.Murdock gets a new girlfriend, who is also blind, he tries to defend a costumed vigilante in the courtroom, he works to stop the Owl from rebuilding the Kingpin's empire and marketing a new drug, he gets some revenge on Bullseye (who really had it coming), and, finally, he has a truly epic confrontation with Wilson Fisk. I won't say more than that, as I don't want to give away too much. It's just a really, really good read, and I would love it if they would base a movie on this storyline.Alex Maleev, again, provides the artwork in this collection, other than for a few courtroom issues, where a fill-in artist did the duties. Maleev's artwork is far better than the fill-in artist, and I'm coming to expect his stlye on this book. Maleev's artwork is growing on me. It's not at all what I'd want to see on JLA or X-Men or Hulk, but it fits Daredevil just fine. He is very meticulous in his own way, and I appreciate the work he puts into his signature style.Did I mention that this is a really, really good book? Now go get it for yourself! You won't be disappointed.
My husband and I were told by some of our Christian friends that this movie was very good. After purchasing the video we were extremely disappointed. Many aspects of the Biblical account are changed that destroy the beauty and purity of the biblical account. One of the most distressing ones is that the King and Eshter are shown to have a long standing lovers quarrel over the misunderstanding that each of them has been messing around with a member of the other sex that isn't resolved until the day of the banquet. We don't feel that it is pleasing to the Lord for His Word to be handled as it was in this movie.
This was such a great book! I got irritated by Artemis Fowl, but the Supernaturalists is fantastic and makes me really respect Eoin Colfer. It's clever, feels like a person just talking about someplace real that they know well rather than a made-up future, and just very exciting. I read it so fast, I loved it. The cover looks really cool too, it's metallic blue with raised bubbles.
This book has been in my stash for a long time and finally I ran out of my usual suspense/mystery type so turned to this. I have to say I mostly skimmed this book and didn't read the section of Emma during the war years, I just skipped to the last third to have it all tied together.Jonathan seems to have scurried off easily with his tail between his legs. I understand there is one that follows this book, but I won't be reading it. Far too weighty for me. Everyone is just too too handsome, beautiful, expensively well dressed and living the high life. I found the family tree in the beginning hard to follow. It could have been made much simpler and easy to follow drawn out on a history line showing decendants, etc like I've seen in other books.I guess you can tell I am one of the ones that didn't care for this story at all.
I was given this book when I was 7 or so, and it was my favorite book. I hid it from my brothers, and I washed my hands before getting it out of its secret place. Chase really knew how to present things to children. I read it to my son, now.By grouping the paintings by topic rather than artist or style, the child gets to compare and contrast artworks. Chase's gentle introduction to history, as well, sinks in. I recall, age almost 9, having the winning answer in a quiz (for adults) because I remembered so clearly the drawing of Hercules strangling snakes as an infant.
I feel Rabbi Neusner on the whole does a fine job of addressing areas of contention and disagreement between the two faiths- however, he does miss some fine critical points:- He contrasts the (Jewish/Torah) call to be holy because the Lord God is holy, over and against the Christian call to give up all and follow Christ- without, apparently, recognizing that for believing Christians as well as faithful Jews the chief motive for right living is to emulate God's character (why aspire to "be perfect"? Because our heavenly Father is perfect).- He sees Judaism as addressing the practical concerns of living in the the here-and-now while Christianity is concerned with the future Kingdom Come- missing the relevance of applied Christian principles for daily living, and the idea that Christians no less than Jews are called to sanctify our days and hours, our waking and working and eating and sleeping; not just wait for "Pie in the sky by and by".- Lastly, Neusner takes issue with the fact that that the Christian gospel message is addressed to the individual "you" and "I", not to the communal "we" of Israel. This is in fact largely true. We are called as individuals AS WELL AS corporately. But it is also a call to community, as the Body of Christ. How else to put into practice all those commands to love, serve, edify and encourage one another?Torah, or Christ? At the end of the day, for Neusner, the question leads finally to a regretful parting of the ways.
Got a few cases of these from Amazon to stock up before they were no longer available. Shipping was excellent, all the bulbs arrived in tact. I've installed 1/2 a dozen in lamps, work great as expected, I'm very pleased with them.
The Thing is one of my all time favorite movies by far. I have had this movie on VHS tape, DVD and now Bluray. This movie looks great as a Bluray. Buy it on Bluray and watch the magic happen!
AEG's D20 Toolbox is, literally, a book of tables. These tables cover everything from wilderness encounters to what type of tree you might find in a tropical forest or even what type of NPC a character will randomly encounter in a castle - all of the little details a DM might not initially think of but that might be necessary to create. The tables can either be used directly (DM rolls 1d20 as the players wander a castle to determine which NPC they encounter) or to help inspire a DM during the design process. In either case, the tables are extremely useful, and active DMs will time-and-again find this book to be one of the most valuable in their library.The only flaw in this book is that not all of the tables are properly explained. For example: a table detailing herbs that can be found in a specific region does not give game-term explanations for what the herbs can be used for (EX: Table 1-17 has Milkweed listed as #17. What sort of potions can milkweed be used for? Is it a poison? The DM will have to do additional research to find out). If these details had been supplied, I would have given the product five stars.
System delivers great sound, but the speakers are on the large size - good for sound, but not so good if you're short on space. The big surprise is how deep the speakers are (11.5 high by 6.5 wide by 9.5 deep). Another drawback is that the CD player does not do a fast forward or reverse scan without the remote (it will skip forward/back by track).All that I really needed was a CD player (not a radio receiver), and if this is the case for you, consider the Bose Companion 2 Series II speakers for $99. These are self-amplified (which means they need a nearby wall plug for power) and they will plug right into a portable CD player or a laptop computer. This is what I should have done, as they are cheaper, smaller, and produce adequate sound for my kitchen.
Everything these guys release is consistently excellent. This album rocks like nobodies business as does everything else they do. Produced by Ric Ocasaek, but don't worry, this sounds nothing like the Cars. Get it!
First, an introduction to myself; I took some folk/classic guitar lessens around the age of 13. In high school, I learned the electric bass, but was not involved with any bands or musicians outside of school. After graduation, I rarely played either instrument until about a year ago. Now, I've renewed my interest in guitar and bass and I've been trying to educate myself more about guitars, amps, and effects--things I never really learned about in my younger days. Before purchasing this book, I started by brushing the dust off and reading my old copy of The Guitar Handbook by Ralph Denyer (A "must have" book)--a book I partially read in my youth, bought and read Guitar Effects Pedals: The Practical Handbook by Dave Hunter (Read this before you buy any effects pedals!), read a library copy of The Stompbox by Art Thompson (History of pedals with many photos), bought and read Getting Great Guitar Sounds 2nd ed. by Michael Ross (A fine book about tone).I read this book as if I had not read anything else prior. The positives going for this book are that it is well organized and follows a logical progression starting with the guitar itself then amplifiers then effects and so on. The last four chapters, Building a Pedalboard, Multi-Effects Processors, Amplifier and Effect Modeling, Getting a Good Tone through Your PC, Stylistic Guitar Tones, and Famous Effected Guitarists are topics usually not discussed in the other books that I have read. The appendix titled Effected Guitar Music contains a list of effects with a selection of songs along with the artist that demonstrate the effect, something that I wish other books would do. The CD that comes with the book lets the reader hear an example of each effect from the effects chapters 3-12 and also samples from chapters 13-17. I think this book would be good for absolute beginners, but even I picked up a few new things.The negatives: While this book is meant to be in the genre of an introduction and at 60 pages, is clearly not meant to be a handbook nor encyclopedia, it just barely passes as an introduction due to its very short descriptions and definitions. After reading chapters 13-17, I came away with more knowledge than before, but now wanting more information with no direction on where to go from here. The information you get from this book is analogous to going to a party and getting introduced to several new people then leaving the party coming away with knowing only their names and how they said the word hello. Getting Great Guitar Sounds 2nd ed. by Michael Ross, has 77 pages and does a better job covering most of the material that is presented in Introduction to Guitar Tone & Effects chapters 1-12. The CD contains approximately 13 min of examples. Though not expecting a fully loaded CD, I was expecting maybe 20-30 min of samples. One or two strums on the guitar to demonstrate an effect seems deficient given that effects produce different sounds whether you are strumming chords or playing arpeggios. The examples from the Style chapter were also short and limited. (Note: Getting Great Guitar Sounds does not come with a CD.) Finally, the back cover touts over 74 photos but almost all of them are either out of focus or are some fuzzy computerized representation.Overal, If you start out knowing nothing about tone and effects, you will have gained some basic understanding by reading this book but you will have little practical knowledge. For more experienced players, I think this book could easily go from "pass on" to "must have" with a little rewriting, clearer photos, and more and better examples on the CD, while still keeping the number of pages between 60-80.
About a year or two ago, I heard &quot;Would you?&quot; on a radio station I could barely pick up. Through the static, I said -- &quot;this is an awesome song -- I'll be hearing this everywhere soon.&quot;The dj didn't backannounce the song title or band, and for a year a wandered the net trying to find this song again. I never heard it on the radio again.After a while, I gave up the hunt. But the song remained in my head -- tormenting me!Finally, one day about a week ago I tried searching for it one more time, this time successfully.I've played both versions of &quot;Would You?&quot; constantly since getting the disc. I can't decide which I like more: the over the top samba-styled Rio mix, or the more sultry original version.(I call the Rio mix the &quot;Victory Dance Song&quot;. Once you hear it, you'll know why. The horns personify the guys reaction to the vocalist's repeated question.)I also love &quot;Straight To Number One&quot;.The rest of the album makes excellent background music -- but I keep going back to &quot;Would You?&quot;
I have never read Ms. Wasserstein before, but was intrigued. Unfortunately, I found that however great her essays or plays may be, they do not translate well in audio CD. The first 3/5 CDs are largely devoted to "fluff" topics, and the humor is very tongue in cheek. But, I found none of it terribly funny--sort of the usual worn out jokes regarding datable men, apartment renovation, lunch with one's mother, trying to diet, etc. Easy to skip over fluff in a book, but not so easy on a CD. This is made even more problematic by the audio CD format. You cannot fast foward on the CDs; there are no internal "chapters". So, if you take out the CD from your car or computer, be prepared to lose the first 30 minutes you listened to and have to start all over again next time. Crazy! Never seen a CD like this before! The computer indeed shows everything as one giant track... Also, each of the 5 CDs has less than an hour on it. Seems like more could have been squeezed in... they need to fix this if they re-issue these.I do think overall the CD set is worth purchasing for the last 2 CDs, which are candid accounts of her sister's battle with cancer, and her own fertility procedures, and the eventual arrival of her daughter. For those of us hoping to have a child in advanced years, and fascinated by Ms. Wasserstein's ability to do it at 48, it's a fairly sobering tale. It's not even clear to me from the rather long account of the fertility treatments, which occurred over many years, whether Ms. Wasserstein was the genetic mother of the child, or if she ultimately used egg donation to achieve the pregnancy. It is also clear she spent a fortune on all the procedures. Moreover, the delivery and aftermath of it were obviously trying for the author and her entire family, although there are moments of levity in the account.
There will probably never be another like Sherman again. Back in the 1960's and earlier, many old songs in the public domain were still well known by the public, such as the folk songs "Down By The Riverside," and "Auld Lang Syne." Sherman used the tunes of these old songs with big band-type arrangements, and his own hilarious lyrics, thus tapping into the familiarity with the tunes, and the arrangments kept the songs sounding fresh. Since famiarity with these old songs is largely gone today (except perhaps among boy scouts), Sherman's approach could not work today. Furthermore, folk songs generally don't require a tremendous vocal range, so a guy without a great voice could sing his renditions of them and still sound pretty good. Sherman would also sometimes parody popular lyrical songs of the day, for example his rendition of "Downtown" (the original was sung by Petula Clark), which is included in this collection.Because much of the material that he used was topical, much it will be unfamiliar today -- which makes it all the more remarkable that much of it still funny (such as Chim Chim Cheree: "I wake up each morning a most happy man, I cover my Pic-O-Pay with Fluoristan; I add Hexachlorophene, 'cause it's so pure, And then GL-70, just to make sure"). I find the funniest to be "Good Advice" and "You Went The Wrong Way Old King Louie" (To the tune of La Marseillaise and then to You Came A Long Way From St. Louis). Good Advice, incidentally, was not a parody but an original tune. Sherman is without equal in his parodies -- they are hilarious without being mean-spirited or "edgy," and I don't think any other artist has been able to accomplish this--in fact he comes across as a really nice guy.Sherman prided himself on polished arrangements, partly to compensate for what he considered to a bad singing voice -- but his voice is great for these songs, he projects a comedian's timing and punch. Unfortunately, this the only collection of Sherman's songs that is still published -- and many very funny ones are missing from this album -- such as "Green Stamps" and "Skin," among others. With some interesting liner notes written by Steve Allen this is a funny and worthwhile collection for anyone who likes to laugh.
I rated this four stars, but now that I've used them for a while I'd give 'em five stars. I have a pair at the office, but at this price I'm going to order ANOTHER pair for home.The cups are not large. I eventually got my ears inside them as the cups stretched a bit. I think others would find the headphones partly on the ear. That might be a problem for sensitive pinnae (eg. mine!). The relatively small size of the ear pieces (for an "over the ear" headphone) may be part of what makes them work well with the low energy iPod -- less air to move.These are a "steal" for the price. Wow.
Miriam Freeman Rawl's From the Ashes of Ruin is the perfect book to tuck away on your summer vacation. Or for anytime that you want to immerse yourself with another time, another place. Ms. Rawl's engaging storyline and vivid writing style quickly absorbs the reader and brings to life Columbia, SC at the end of the War Between the States.An all together good read in the best traditions of storytelling.
I approached this CD with some trepidation, wary of obligatory horn charts and desultory soloing. Instead, &quot;Joyous&quot; delivers a well-integrated sound with adventurous solos and dynamite ensemble work. While perhaps not as representative as WP's &quot;Light Fuse Get Away,&quot; &quot;Joyous&quot; is in many ways a more ambitious effort, and unquestionably reflects Widespread Panic's commitment to exploring and expanding their sound.Michael Houser's chromatic runs mesh nicely with the DDBB, and John Bell's gravelly vocals prove once again that he's one of the best in the jam-band genre (although it's admittedly a genre distinguished by its undistinguished vocals). The DDBB in turn benefits from Widespread's propulsive rhythm section, and actually sounds very comfortable with them. Highlights include the opening &quot;Fishwater-&gt;Supersition-&gt;Fishwater&quot; medley, &quot;Beehive Jam,&quot; and Dr. John's &quot;I Walk On Guilded Splinters.&quot; &quot;Beehive&quot; is especially challenging, but repeated listenings pay off.I hold back from a 5-star rating just because I usually need time for an opinion like that to sink in, but &quot;Joyous&quot; is definitely first-rate stuff.
I would have liked to give this book a 3.5 because it could have been so much better. There were too many average photographs of old houses with little artistic merit. However the VERY good photographs make this book worth purchasing.
Mother's Milk Tea, by Traditional Medicinals, is a common drink of nursing moms wanting to maintain a healthy milk supply. The tea relies on the herbs fennel, aniseed, and coriander, believed to increase milk production. I like that Traditional Medicinals uses organic, vegan, non-GMO, pharmacopoeial-grade herbs (at least in the organic version of the tea, which is the only one that I have seen sold for some time now).To use the tea properly, it needs to be steeped, which can be a minor inconvenience, but necessary to get the full effect. The teabag should be added to 8 oz. of boiled water and steeped covered for 10 minutes. If you plan to drink a lot of medicinal teas like this, it's probably worth investing in a teacup with a cover - otherwise, covering the cup with a flat coaster, plate or saucer works just fine. Once uncovered, it will probably take between 5 and 20 minutes before it's cool enough to drink.I think the tea is really delicious, with the caveat, that in order to enjoy it, you must like the flavor of black licorice due to the aniseed. If you don't *like* licorice, you need to at least be able to tolerate it, or you'll never get this tea down! I drink it with nothing added, but it could also be lightly sweetened with some honey or agave nectar if it's too bitter for you.So the big question is...does it work? As with anything medicinal or herbal, in the western or eastern tradition, some things will work for some and not for others. I can tell you that I personally do see a direct effect from this tea. At the beginning, I would drink a cup and quickly notice the increase. As nursing has gone on, the effect is more subtle, but definitely noticeable. I drink one cup a night simply because I believe this is a healthy herbal preparation to support milk supply, and it supports my supply through night nursing. I usually increase that to two a day while menstruating, because my supply drops slightly during that time. When my baby is sick or going through some other increased nursing period, or if I cave in to an illness and take a decongestant, I will increase it to three or more.If you are having (or think you might be having) true milk supply issues, though, this tea alone will probably not have enough of an effect to correct the problem.Amazon's subscribe and save program offers as good a price as I have seen on it anywhere.
I ve been using this machine daily for the past 3 weeks and I am really starting to get results. It tightens your abs and makes the obliques sore for a few days in the begining, which indicates its doing what it was designed to do. I found the workmenship and quality excellent and the product is heavy and sturdy. I highly recommend this product for a quality ab workout. Shaper Image stores has a 60 day unconditional return policy on the product which tells me they know they have a good product. I am going to keep mine.
And this movie is a SKIPPER...unless you only have two hours left to live and your dying ambition is to watch one last movie and no other movie is available. Otherwise, I am not sure why Milla soiled her reputation as a zombie-killing action heroine to share a less than starring role in this. It looks like it was written and filmed in Eastern Europe. And the audio is atrocious! It sullied the Three Musketeer legend to unspeakable proportions. The lead character looks like a 1970's version of Justin Bieber. Many of the scenes were remakes from other action movies so while at first glance you want to give them a thumbs up for original idea, it actually isn't original at all.
You could see the ending coming a mile away. I won't give spoilers for those who haven't seen it. Its not a terrible movie, its just that I felt the story was recycled from several other movies. (At times, I felt I was watching other movies).Demi was great as usual, and the filming locations were beautiful, but the plot was borrowed at best. Ending was a let down.
This manual can opener works like a charm. I have had it for about a month, so I can't comment on its longevity (but there are reviews on amazon from several years ago, so that's a good sign). I didn't want to deal with an electric or a rechargeable, since they are more likely to fail.It is easy to grip. It sets on the lid of the can easily. And turning the knob to open the can is effortless. It has some weight to it, which makes it feel well made and solid. I'm hoping that it will last a long time.I have had the following can openers recently:-------------------------------------------------------------------------Black & Decker KEC600 Cordless Can Opener* It failed after 2 years due to rechargeable battery going dead.Good Cook Orbi SafeCut Can Opener* It failed after 2 years; the teeth no longer gripped the can.Amco Swing-A-Way* Had 2 of these; old ones. The teeth no longer gripped the can.I bought the "Oxo SteeL Can Opener" because of all the good reviews on amazon. So far, I am very pleased with my purchase."Seek ye the LORD while he may be found, call ye upon him while he is near:" (Isaiah 55:6)
As the title of this review states. And proclaim this to be true emphatically. What Katatonia achieve on this record with just guitars, bass and drums is nothing if not brilliant. The atmosphere is dark, gloomy and amazingly beautiful. My Dying Bride, Solitude Aeturnus and bands of that ilk are truly excellent, but BMD crushes them all. Mikael Akerfeldt's vocals are angry, sorrowful and brimming with despair. The guitars weave in and out with each other in complete pain. This music has a cathartic effect on me, which can be a good experience, in that, it helps to release the mental and emotional heaviness that we all feel from time to time. One of my top 10 albums of all time. Get this now!!
Dragging, disconnected and sadly underdeveloped. From a technical standpoint, it was an interesting challenge but beyond that, nothing to get excited about. Better suited to a "Shark Week" offering, it would have been more compelling to focus on the events as they transpired without any attempt to build a story around them.
If you want a soft-hanging organizer, this is the best you'll get. It does tip forward a bit, as any hanging fabric organizer will, but it has compensated for that with pocketed shelves (as opposed to open shelves like on theDex Products Ultimate Baby Organizerwhere everything slides right off). I use this Munchkin organizer with thePrince Lionheart Ultimate Wipes Warmerand it fits great right on top in a very convenient place. It fits everything I need in the organizer, whereas with theDex OrganizerI had to use an extra TV table tray to handle the overflow. The pocketed diaper middle section is great! It actually holds the diapers in! It's tricky to "restock" it, but the fact that the diapers do not tip out more than makes up for it! If you want something sturdier, you'll have to go with hard plastic, because you won't find a better fabric organizer.
I have had this camera for almost a year now. It has gone on a couple trips with us, the major test being the trip to Mexico. No sand or water problems with this camera. The picture quality is good when I manage a decent shot. We are very happy with this camera.
My comments are in general alignment with the previous 130. This is not light reading; you will not finish it in a weekend; but your effort will be rewarded.Not to be trite, but it reminds me of the Lord of The Rings. Laden with hundreds of characters and sub plots, it's much more than a simple biography. If you are looking for a quick read about Che, do not buy this book. However, I'm glad that I suffered though a few laborious sections and finished it. I'm a better person for it, and I strongly recommend it to those forewarned.
While not as intense as its predecessor in the series, this fourth entry in the Felix and Gotrek saga (after Trollslayer, Skavenslayer and Daemonslayer) is every bit as fun.This book follows the fearless pair and their comrades back from the horrors of the Chaos Wastes and on to a hidden mountain citadel of the dwarves. As usual, along the way there's plenty of axe hewing action and bloodspattered goodness.The dragon of the title of course shows up, as well as a nice little horde of orcs you know you can rely on to show our heroes some special hospitality.Not an absolutely essential entry in this series, but a very welcome addition for people like me who just can't get enough of this pair.For people just beginning this series, I'd probably recommend Daemonslayer first.
It's disheartening that the first 6 pages and pages 11--14 of Mary Magdalene's gospel are missing. It would've been a gem&uuml;tlich experience to read those missing passages considering the inquiries that were raised.On page seven of the gospel the inquiries asked were "What is matter? Will it last forever?" It seems that Jesus (in the tradition of Aristotle) and his apostles were engaging in a dialogue about physics. Could Jesus have been an academic in philosophy? It seems to delineate in that direction and Jean-Yves Le Loup's interpretation of the gospel may indeed hold the argument apposite.It isn't at all surprising to note that the Catholic Church won't endear this document since it (along with the Gospel of Philip) shows unequivocally that Jesus wasn't a virgin, that he had passion for a woman (Mary Magdalene) who also had intimacies toward him. (How salacious of them!)..........{I'm being cynical so don't be offended.}Furthermore, most religious individuals who are indoctrinated by the lies of the Church still believe that Mary was a prostitute even though the Bible doesn't indicate this. "Mary's identity as a prostitute stems from Homily 33 of Pope Gregory I, delivered in the year 591[AD], in which he declared that she and the unnamed woman [prostitute] in Luke 7 are, in fact, one and the same, and that the faithful should hold Mary as the penitent whore." Pope Gregory's comments were and still are abhorrent, but what is even more despicable is the fact that it wasn't until 1969 that "the Catholic Church officially repeal[ed] Gregory's labeling of Mary as a whore, thereby admitting their error--though the image of Mary Magdalene as the penitent whore has remained in the public teachings of all Christian denominations. Like a small erratum buried in the back page of a newspaper, the Church's correction goes unnoticed, while the initial and incorrect article continues to influence readers [believers,]" said Le Loup.Anyway, what ever happened to love, respect and forgiveness? Isn't that what Jesus was being pedagogical about?Religion has never been about love because religion is really a euphemism for government, and governments since the beginning of time have always been malevolent!And this gospel, plus many others (such as the Gospel of Thomas) demonstrate that fact. If religion were really about love then why would the Church be so adamant about hiding the fact that Jesus had a companion? It's something you should really think long and hard about especially after reading this book.Ponder on this thought; in chapter seven Peter asked Jesus: "Since you have become the interpreter of the elements and the events of the world, tell us; what is the sin of the world?" Jesus then answered by stating, "There is no sin."Now, just think about that for a moment "There is no sin." This quote from Jesus is what the Religious institutions don't want you to read because then you'll begin to ascertain what the meaning of life really is.Jesus then went on to say; "It is you who make sin exist, when you act according to the habits of your corrupted nature," as religious leaders and governments do all the time. They are corrupt and give into their proclivities for empire, which is something we should never ascribe to. Jesus also said; "This is why you become sick, and why you die, it is the result of your actions; what you do takes you further away. Those who have ears let them hear!"The arguments that Jesus and Mary Magdalene raise are simplistic, yet uncanny. What is even more amazing is the leadership role that Mary takes after Jesus' death. She becomes the teacher and leads the Apostles on their godly mission.Insofar as Le Loup's commentary, it is very intricate yet deep. Le Loup searches for a deeper meaning by using philosophical arguments to make his case. He meticulously uses the gospels in the Bible and makes comparisons to Mary Magdalene's gospel in hopes of showing a correlation between them; that there isn't any contradiction.In my opinion, Le Loup successfully validates the authenticity of the Gospel Of Mary Magdalene, and that we should all take a profound glimpse into our Four Dimensions of Humanity, which he thoroughly explains in his commentaries.In some aspects Le Loup's commentary reads like a new-age self help book, which makes it an A+ dissertation because personal spirituality is always healthy, whether you are an atheists, or a religious person it doesn't matter just getting in-touch with your positive self for the good of all mankind is worthwhile. Le Loup effectively demonstrates that this is what Jesus was ascribing to achieve.
1 of RJD's under-rated albums IMO. i never hear metal fans even mention strange highways. I understand the first few dio albums are legendary, but this is an album Ronnie should be damn proud of. from the first rifF of Hollywood Black, i was completely hooked. The fact its an unsung album worked to my advantage as i picked it up for next to nothing At a used cd shop. KNOCK IT BACK!
This is a superb Naxos release that is an absolute steal for the asking price - a recording you'll turn to time and again.Kitten on the Keys alone makes it worth adding to anyone's piano music collection.The pianist Eteri Andjaparidze is a delight to listen to. Her playing has a crispness similar to Glenn Gould (only she's playing works that Gould would never have considered).
But I'm not among them, especially. The acting was very creditable, and I enjoy dramas that play out in small spaces with few characters. But in this case, none of the characters was likeable enough for me to care what happened to him or her. There is no way to say anything more about this movie without massive spoilers, so be warned.The suspense of the story depends largely on the rate of revelation attached to our learning the interrelationships among key characters. Throughout the course of the story, we find out that not only is Alice romantically attached to one of the kidnappers, but that the two (male) kidnappers are romantically attached to each other. That puts one kidnapper as a pretty interesting corner of a triangle, and makes him pivotal to how the story eventually unfolds.There is a relatively high "ick" factor with a not-unrealistic (but not terribly welcome) focus on toilet functions, vomit, and awkward sex (and no, I don't mean the men kissing, although I'm sure some would include that on an "ick factor list" as well). All the action that takes place within the kidnapper's hideout seem completely realistic and natural, but once the locations start changing, it becomes hard to believe that events play out as they do. People do not seem to die, for example, until their full dramatic potential has been reached, which might make for all right entertainment, but in a story set apart by its attention to verisimilitude, it does strain credulity to the snapping point.I feel compelled to mention one aspect of the movie that was well, well above the standards for most thrillers of this type (even the artier thrillers), and that's the music, which was perfectly complementary, unobtrusive, but powerfully effective in evoking the appropriate feelings of excitement, stress, dread, and relief.If you like Hitchcock-style suspense and stories that turn very much of characters and relationships, there is much to like in "Alice Creed." For my part, I did not find the ultimate destination much worth the travel...but then, I never found Alice a very sympathetic character.
I've played each of the previous CSI games and this one was even better. There are none of the quirky little bugs that affected previous games, and the new 3D feature is fun and very interesting. There are times when you have to turn the evidence around using the 3D feature in order to get trace. This games seems to be more logical and therefore it's fun and challenging without being frustrating. There is even a "cheats" section if you really get stuck. All the TV characters seem to be doing the voicework for their game counterparts with the exception of Sara. The actress they got to do her part in this was very annoying - trying to imitate Sara's odd speech pattern.The games are each a little longer, making the $30 price very reasonable for the entertainment value. This game is on one CD only, so you have to have it in to play. (Unlike previous games that took more to load.) However, the transitions from scene to scene are a little annoying because each time it takes you back to the title page while the CD loads the new scene. A minor thing, but think about this happening over and over throughout the game.They've also improved things by offering only certain tools for each piece of evidence. While you still have to know what you are doing to use them, it makes it much less frustrating when you don't have to go through each tool before finding the correct one to use. They've also added a "mobile" lab which doesn't add much to the story. Still, I applaud them trying to improve with each round.I feel this is a great value for the money.
Tartt does a superb job of describing the characters in this interesting story. By the end of the book I really felt that I knew each one. It was a page turner that kept me reading until the end. Well done!
The Last of the Texas Rangers out of print SF-Action series still rules. The Whistlers contains some of the lamest wrting style I've ever seen. At least the rangers novels have some wry humor interlaced within their grim pages -- to leaven up the reading a bit.
I have had this since Christmas. The iRiver iGP-100 is about the size of a hockey puck, perhaps a bit smaller and not as thick. It has a large screen which in play mode displays the folder name, artist, song title, elapsed time, battery status and some other odds and ends. The display is large, easy to read and has a soft blue backlight. It also will allow you to configure all sorts of parameters and is firmware upgradable. Battery life is great and although I have never timed it, it seems to run forever on a charge. The manual states 2 hour charging time and 12 hours of playback time on full charge. I would agree with that.My computer, running Windows XP Professional recogized the player as another USB hard drive. You can just move files and folders around in Windows Explorer like you would to any other hard drive. It uses USB 2.0 so transfers are faster.On the player, the jog dials weren't intuitive for me at least at first, and required consulting the users manual periodically. I found the users manual to be nicely written. There are plenty of pictures and step-by-step instructions. Included in the package is a protective case which is nice and it has a belt loop, but an armband would have been helpful. The audio quality is very good and it has several EQ settings as well as a custom mode. It has a good range of volume settings.I use this when doing housework and in warmer weather, will replace my flash player for yard work. Chores are less of a hassle when you are jammin' to tunes. I have also dropped it once and it still works.In conclusion, save for the exclusion of an armband, inclusion of substandard ear buds (as most do) this is one sweet mp3 player.
I loved reading all the reviews about the Kindle, and waited impatiently to get mine. We all have our reasons to want the Kindle. Now that I have my own Kindle, I'll share two of my reasons.REASON #1I love to read fiction, but I only allow myself that guilty pleasure when I'm working out on a treadmill. My sadistic mind tells me that as long as I'm improving my physical health, I am free to read for amusement and distraction from the boredom of a treadmill. My rule is to only read fiction while walking or jogging, so it keeps me moving for longer periods. I also look forward to the next workout to continue my book.However, reading while walking on the treadmill is difficult to do with the usual books. They just don't stay open. I've fashioned all kinds of devices to keep them open, especially near the beginning and the end of the book when the pages become unbalanced. I've cracked spines in so many places the pages start to fall out. Lighting can be a problem, and I've tried reading lamps. They usually fail because I have to move them around to get a good angle for the right or left side of the page spread.In addition to the usual considerations for buying books, I used to evaluate which hardback books to buy based on whether it would fit on the treadmill. I'd consider the weight of the book, the type size, and whether the copy was too compressed on the page. Finally, I am motivated to move with upbeat music while I'm walking.I'm happy to report that with the Kindle and the nifty little reading lamp, all problem are solved (except for my neurosis!) I can access plenty of books cheaper than hardbacks. I can flip the pages without fiddling with the clips I used to keep the books flat. I can listen to music. I can increase the type size. I love it.Can anyone recommend a good therapist? Or--better yet--a Kindle book to help me with my neurosis?REASON #2I travel in airplanes nearly every week. I'm loaded down with electronics these days: Blackberry, laptop, IPOD, GPS, Bose headphones, and at times my Sony camera. (I know you can combine some of these things, but that's another story.) I'm only too happy to add the Kindle to lighten my book load. I send myself PDF and Word documents to read, and I don't have to boot up my laptop for reading files. I regularly do this from the Blackberry because PDF files are impossible to read.When the guy in the middle seat has to get up, it is much easier to get out of his way with no laptop to manuever. And, no one knows what I am reading (even if I cheat and peek at my novel). When I don't want to be bothered, I put on my giant Bose headphones so that I can tune out all the noise.Only problem is that you can't read it during taxi, takeoff, or landing. So, I'm stuck with the regular magazine. I just do the Sudoku puzzle.
I have it in my two basses.. is really easy to use and I feel safe with this!... specially with my fender that is a little heavy!
Let me begin by saying that this could have been the 3rd Tranatlantic cd because of the 4 song method, 3 long and 1 short. But the overt theme of this cd wouldn't quite fit in with the other member's contributions. I must say that by just listening to this cd without knowing anything about Neal and his previous work I believe the listener would be a little lost as far as the subject matter is concerned. I have to wonder how many new converts Neal is actually getting in the Christian music world, albeit the Christian music stores (like Family Christian Bookstores - not even listed). I know my friend had owned a Christian music store and I was the one who turned him onto Neal Morse. So that makes me wonder how many Christian music stores are actually ordering Neal Morse and how many people are going to the Christian music store to buy this cd. If everyone is like myself you're already a follower of Neal because of Spock's Beard & Transatlantic and those are the people buying his cd's. Anyone that I've run into at church and asked them if they had heard of Neal Morse the answer is usually no. With all that said the subject matter is what it is because Neal feels a need to bring a little light on past accomplishments of the mother church. I've read the lyrics and I'm still trying to figure them all out because for me, they seem to be a little confusing and not the easiest to put all together. The music is typical Neal Morse and has all the similarities of Spock's Beard and Transatlantic so I don't really think there's any new ground being broken here. That's was always one of the things that I wondered when Neal broke off from Spock's Beard; how he would approach each cd. Basically Snow and Testimony are very similar in overall concept and musicial style. I always call Snow the secular version of Testimony. Regardless, the music is always good and no one on radio today can come close. I don't think there's really anything that you say in a negative way here. It just comes down to personal opinion. For those that say Neal is bashing the catholic church; well, just look at the history of that same church and all that they have done since Christ was here on earth. Sometimes, the truth hurts and people would like to forget the church's history of murder and mayhem through the ages. Unfortnately, that's a part of the church's past whether you agree or disagree. Remember, Christ is the way to heaven and no one really knows who's right anyway because we're not there yet. So, kick back and enjoy some great music.
Hank Chinaski and Hank Charles Bukowski can be used interchangeably, and both (or either, I guess) are the embodiment of freedom trying to exist in a society with an underlying sense of order permeating everything. This is such a sparse, quick read with an odd diary-type tone that I didn't quite know what to make of it as I was reading. The short chapters within the sections read exactly like journal entries: not too much detail, just enough to refresh the memory for later reading. When it works, it works on the same grounds as other minimalistic texts, in that there's an outline painted and the details are open to interpretation and through that personalization.When it doesn't work, it passes quickly, fortunately. We get about a decade and a half of Chinaski's life in 200 pages (with a huge font size. I swear this can be read in three hours or less). Chinaski is the sort of anti-hero who's hard to invent in writing. He doesn't give a s*** about anything he can't drink, fight, or f***. He raped a mentally unstable woman (well, I guess that's debatable). He doesn't care. It's hard to like the guy, and even I thought the pseudo-rape was a bit unnecessary. He can also be sweet, thinking of his daughter when he had the butcher's knife to his throat. His relationships end in an state of neutrality. There's rarely hatred or love in his writing, despite his actions. He's just living, and really, what more can we ask of him?I can't say this is the best writing I've ever read, but who cares? People like this don't come along all that often, and to have this sort of a reference point in regard to purity and its clash with humanity is a gift we should all be grateful for. Don't try.
I picked up this book after hearing Jodi Picoult speak at a local library event. If you think that her books are good, then go and hear her speak; she is fantastic. This book is so moving. What makes it especially poignant is that each of the characters has a chance to speak to the reader in the book and tell the story from his/her perspective. This just adds to the books complexity; really making it multi-dimensional. I would not hesitate to recommend this book to any reader or book club....just bring along the tissues.
This was a great scanner for it's time. It does a good job of scanning slides (haven't used it much for negative scanning). The Color Management System doesn't do the job I wish it did, often the colors are darker than the slide, so I usually adjust them in Photoshop. The shadows can be dark as well.Overall, it's a good scanner, especially if you're only doing small-print or web work. Nikon now has newer scanner models with greater o/p and bit depth.The question to ask yourself is &quot;What am I going to do with the images I scan? Produce small prints or put them on the web?&quot; If so, this scanner is perfect. If you're a semi-pro or pro who wants as much detail as possible, then get a newer model (ie: 4000 ED).....which will most likely be my next purchase. :)
I like true stories and I known this DVD been out for some time But I never got a chance to watch it. Be great if all 3 of the TV companies had few channels that show nothing but good clean movies like this. This movie pitted a bunch of college age young men who played hockey against a Soviet Team who were a bunch of paid professionals and they beat them and made history in the process. If readers of this are looking for a good family movie get the pop corn ready and enjoy it on cold /rainy day
People are People is a better choice than this one. It has the good songs from it and doesn't include the bad. The Landscape is Changing is beyond overripe. More Than A Party is... um...
This book is a very difficult read. Simple concepts written in abstruse sentences that make you wonder what were the editors at Simon & Schuster doing?The ideas in this book make sense and Dr. Swensen's stellar performance managing Yale endowment lends a lot of credibility to this book. His principles are asset allocation, periodic rebalancing of portfolio, investing in index funds of non-profit companies like Vangaurd & TIA-CREF, and paying attention to tax consequences. What I would have liked to see is the data showing performance over time of the portfolio constructed based on his advice.After "A Random Walk Down Wall Street" by Burton Malkiel, this is probably the next book to introduce a new paradigm to an individual investor. Vangaurd could not have asked for a better advertisement! I just wish that he produces an abridged audio version in simple, easy to understand sentences so that he can reach a wider audience and make a real impact because Dr. Swensen conveyed the concepts very lucidly in his interview on NPR. But for the difficult language, this book deserves 5 stars.
This is a great cookie book and I should know because I am a "cookie monster" and love cookie cookbooks! Wide variety, beautifully presented. Like all Reader's Digest books, this is a good quality book - well done in every respect. It is a large book but not "hulking" as the editorial reviewer said; it's just one of the large-size cookbooks of which there are many. This one is not freakish or anything, just large because there are so many great recipes. Terrific photographs and instructions.Easy to read. Some reviewers of its counterpart,Cakes, said the print was too small to read but that is NOT true at all. Both of these books are VERY easy to read - unless you require extremely Large Print books or something. These are just normal size print. A great buy for cookbook or cookie lovers!
I am on my third one in a year, and it just died.Too bad. A little quality control would make it a useful product.
I absolutely loved this CD. BBMak are probably going to have to put up with all the boy band comparisons, but most music lovers will realize that BBMak has a lot more to offer. They're not just trying to build off of the trend that BSB started. BBMak writes most of their own songs, as well as play insruments during them. The melodies that these three voices create are amazing, and I highly recommend this album. My favorites are &quot;Back Here&quot;, &quot;Unpredictable&quot;, and &quot;Ghost of You and Me.&quot;
Very useful meter. It checks all small battery types even the button types. This is something everyone should have... Simple to use...Makes a great inexpensive gift that anyone would love...I bought two of them, one for the shop and one for the house..
One of the real treats about Parmount releasing two episodes of Star Trek per DVD is that the entire series was so good you're guaranteed of at least getting one good episode. But on rare occasion, the unthinkable happens--you get not only two good episodes, but two GREAT episodes on one offering. Such is the case with this Trek DVD.Both episodes are classics and they both look stunning being remastered.Of course, Space Seed is probably the most famous episode on the set, namely because it features the first appearance of Khan. The episode itself is what classic Trek is all about--suspense, drama, great characters, well-written dialogue and some nice action. Ricardo Montelban delivers a great performance as the arrogant, superman Khan and Shanter plays off him point for point. And, of course, this episode features one of the all-time great Star Trek bloopers of all time (watch DeForest Kelly's reaction very closely when Khan is first coming out of stasis and Shanter knocks his prop off his belt). Space Seed is simply marvelous--one of the top ten episodes of all time.Ranking right up there with it is the superb and underrated A Taste of Armageddon. Kirk and company are sent to make contact with a society that fights their war by computers with &quot;casualties&quot; being tallied and herded into disentegration chambers. No sooner have Kirk and Spock beamed down then the Enterprise is declared a war casualty, a set of events that does not agree with Kirk. Kirk must then spend the rest of the episode upping the stakes to save his ship and to stop the war. (Prime directive you ask? We don't need to steeenkin' prime directive!) It's an episode that features the theme of Kirk vs. computer (though not as much as Return of the Archons or the Ultimate Computer) and it also features the recurring theme that if you rank above Kirk most chances are you're either an idiot or gone mad. In this case, it's the Federation ambassador who can't see beyond his limited range and almost gets red-shirted for it. It's a great episode that is still exciting and entertaining to watch today and is certainly looks spectacular on DVD.These are two superb episodes...and they've never looked better. Episodes like these are why classic Trek has endured to this day. And like great wine, it gets better and better with age.
Genres: symphonic metal (power, electronic)Visions of Atlantis is definitely above being a bad imitation of Nightwish and Within Temptation, but they don't have much going on to make them good.Cast Away shows some signs of originality and talent, but it's mostly a bland album. None of the songs stand out as being good or bad. The playing and singing ability of the band is good, but song writing is lacking.Characteristics:Female lead singer (Maxi Nil) with quality operatic voice. She is the best part of the band.Male lead singer with clean vocals. He is below average and has a strong accent that native English speakers may find annoying.Guitars: Mediocre. There's not really any noteworthy hooks or melodies.Keyboards: Similar to the keyboards. Just nothing exciting going on here.Unique: Synthesized/electronic elements set them apart. However, they don't use it enough.If you're looking for more symphonic metal, definitely check out Visions of Atlantis, because you might like them considerably more than I did.
This is a great album, but his is not an album for you to "listen" to. It's more of a chillout or romantic album. Jay Denes, (the creator of this album) has said as much in the liner notes, which include a quote of Catherine Russell (one of the featured singers): "Oh I understand, its a ---- record. OK, roll the tape".In that light, the similar mood of the songs, the thick earthy vibe and the super-soulful sensual vocals are actually perfect. It creates a constant mood over the full time frame of the CD, so you can simply escape to a world of raw unbridled sensuality. Taken individually, only one or two of these songs are 5-stars. As a body of work - an album - they hold together impeccably and create the desired effect. You cannot assess them as "singles". That doesn't seem to have been the objective here. By the way the production is crisp and top-notch on every single track. You feel like you could have been in the studio with them, the sound has that much presense and life.Jay Denes used a top notch crew of NYC funkateers, including Mark Anthony Jones (thefunkiestmanalive) on guitar, and Jonathan Maron (way, way underrated bass player from the Groove Collective). Bob Power (engineer/producer on Stetsasonic and De La Soul's classic album) appears here on guitat. Flutist Richard Worth of Groove Collective also appears on "Its love".The singers (Ada Dyer and Catherine Russell) are not famous - but damn they SHOULD be. They give a master class here in deep soul singing. Not for them the rabid histrionics of Christina Aguilera, Mariah Carey and a million misguided "Idol" contestants all over the world, but REAL modern soul singing, in CONTROLLED voice. if this were the 60's and not the MTV age, I suspect these women would be up there in fame with the Betty Wrights and Shirley Jones's.I think they all did a perfect job for what they set out to do.
All I can say about the Minutemen's 43 song epic is wow. Wow, this is one of the greatest albums ever made. Wow, these guys could play circles around other bands of the era like the Dead Kennedy's and Black Flag. I like both those bands, but this is on a whole different level.The music itself is a kind of jazzy funk mix with lyrics and structure that aren't like any other pop music your likely to hear. The songs are brief, most clocking in at under 2 minutes, and don't feature conventional bridges or choruses. So if you try to pigeon hole them into the hardcore punk category that critics and listeners try to group them in, then you'll be sadly disapointed. What they have most in common with the punks of the time are the conscious lyrics and the length of the songs. If I could compare it to anything, it would be Pink Flag by Wire, with it's precise and energetic sound that zips by at breakneck pace. Where Wire is thrashy on that album, the Minutemen are smooth and laid back, but not all the time.It is impossible to describe this album to someone who hasn't heard it. Their are slow groovy songs, fast energetic songs, songs about politics, songs about drinking, songs about girls, and songs about metaphysical things that don't really make sense. But all the songs are great. 43 songs and 75 minutes of music make Double Nickels on the Dime a must own for anyone who like alterantive music. It may be a little daunting for a first time Minutemen listener, but this is the place to start. Highly recommended.
I love these movies! They are so cute! And perfect for a family to watch together. Chance has got to be my favorite character. Almost the whole movie is a voice-over for the animals thoughts but it's extremely well-done. This is a must see for any family that has children or any animal lovers that haven't ever seen it! =)
This is one of the worst movies I've seen in awhile. All it is about is Alec Baldwin being on trial, Demi Moore is one of the jurors, and Alec just keeps intimidating her to first get a hung jury, then to convince the rest of the jury that he's innocent (which he isn't, of course).There are absolutely NO twists and turns in this one. You can watch the first 45 minutes of it and pretty much guess how it's going to turn out.To it's credit, the acting is pretty good in this movie. It's almost funny how well Alec Balwdin plays a really mean person.But the actors could not save the movie from its ridiculous story. You'll want to skip this one.
A beautifully illustrated book that will provide entertainment as well as many learning opportunities as you travel the world in search of the ingredients necessary to bake an apple pie. Children learn that food does not come from the grocery store - it has to be grown, harvested, milled, and prepared before it arrives magically on the dinner table. Your children may come to a new appreciation for the things normally taken for granted, and learn valuable geography lessons in the process. Maps and suggestions for an apple tasting party are included. I love this book!
I suppose Roxy is meant to be sassy and precocious, but she just comes off as being bratty and in need of a lot of time out in her room. She repeatedly mouths off to adults, breaks laws, and never obeys any rules her mother does try to set. She's rude and inconsiderate to her family members. Not at all a good role model.The movie is watchable. The actress playing Roxy is cute as a button. Some of the sets are very good. The mansion Roxy lives in is fascinating, although you do have to wonder how her mother can afford it on a bank teller's salary. There is also a gorgeous library, which is unfortunately run by a very stereotypical nerdy librarian. A lot of the characters are one dimensional stereotypes--the crabby bank lady, for instance. Small town life is depicted like something out of the 1950s. Neither the bank or the library has computers.The plot is rather thin and doesn't really add up. Roxy's great detective skills are just coincidences and wild guesses that always just happen to be right.I'd pass on this one. It isn't wretched, but with Roxy's behavior problems, why bother with a so-so plot.
This isn't a terribly traditional Tom Baker story - it's six episodes long, it's got an unusually high quotient of action, and the action take place in plain old modern-day (well, modern at the time) England. It actually feels rather more like a high-quality story from Jon Pertwee's era, thanks to all of those elements as well as the environmental slant.Even if the story is segmented (the first two episodes take place in Antartica and form a 'mini-story'), it's a rollicking good tale with lots of fun and excitement. Tom Baker is on the top of his game as an unusually fist-happy Doctor, and even Lis Sladen gets a good piece of the action. The guest cast are also of a high standard, and the music by Geoffrey Burgon is again a welcome change (his scores for both &quot;Terror of the Zygons&quot; and &quot;The Seeds of Doom&quot; are on the &quot;Terror of the Zygons&quot; soundtrack CD).There are a few downsides to this adventure. The bridge from the Antartica episodes to the England episodes is rushed at best, leaving you wondering why the Antartica material was so necessary. UNIT is called in - for no readily apparent reason - in episode six, without any of the regular UNIT characters...and that's UNIT's last semi-regular appearance! What happened there? Also, the various growing forms of the Krynoid plant creature are rather negligible, particularly the gigantic version.Overall, though, this a great story and well worth giving your time.
"Out To Sea", to me, is one of the funniest movies ever made, and one of their ( Matthau, Lemmon ) funniest, too. I really enjoyed "The Odd Couple Part 2". The characters in "Out To Sea" might as well have been Felix and Oscar, because they had the same personalities. That said, I've seen "Out To Sea" too many times to count. If you're a Matthau/Lemmon fan, then you will love "Out To Sea" !
I initially purchased this CD in order to have a recording of Maura O'Connell's beautiful version of "It's a Beautiful Life," which was the theme song of one of my favorite radio shows when I lived in Southern California (the same show mentioned by a previous reviewer). But while that track remains my favorite one on "Slide Rule," I have discovered several other treasures on this album as well. Legendary dobroist Jerry Douglas surrounded himself with a top-notch group of instrumentalists, and then brought in several guest artists for specific numbers. While fiddler Stuart Duncan is the only member of the core band who I was previously familiar with, all of them--Scott Nygaard on guitar, Mark Schatz on bass, Adam Steffey on mandolin and Craig Smith on banjo, along with Duncan and Douglas himself--are superb.In one highlight number, Alison Krauss sings a very gentle tune called "I Don't Believe You've Met My Baby," while on another Alan O'Bryant joins the band for a very appropriate tune for a Jerry Douglas album, "When Papa Played the Dobro." Naturally, there are also several standout instrumental numbers. Several, such as "We Hide & Seek" and "Shenandoah Breakdown," give the entire band chances to take the lead. In another, the "New Day Medley," Douglas shows what a beautiful sound a solo dobro can create.Any lover of traditional music of any sort will want this album.
This is the debut from Galloglass, a German power metal band that sounds like, well, a German power metal band -- with the significant qualifier that they're a lot better than average, and also they add a few Rhapsody-esque touches here and there, mainly in the intros and outros to individual tunes. In those places in particular, this album is flat-out great. This band oozes talent and can only get better. The only reason I give them four stars instead of five is because about half of this album is just too generic-sounding to my ears; but the other half is so strong that this is an automatic must-buy if you like fairly speedy, keyboard-backed Euro-power-metal. And who doesn't?
The original Monterey Pop movie was a long time favourite in the UK across 1970s and 1980s at late night cinema shows and so it was interesting to see the whole shooting match repackaged with a lot of extras, for someone who clearly only was aware of the event retrospectively from the other side of the Atlantic.The quality both picture and sound transfer given when the original movie recording was made in 1967 are excellent. The original movie (Disc 1)is still a great record of an event which now visually looks even more like a very middle class event in a large classical/jazz concert setting - the contrast in amenities with the Woodstock concert a few years later show how much things quickly changed (plus my own memory of similar UK outdoor concerts!). Also the sheer range of talent on display with many west Coast groups getting their first taste of early stardom underlines what a pivotal event Monterey was before stadium and arena rock took their toll in later decades.The key reason for this box set being outstanding is definitely Disc 2 with the full Otis Redding and Jimi Hendrix sets in their entirety showing in abundance why they were such charismatic performers and people who saw them before their untimely deaths have such fond memories.The third disc of Outtakes while having a perverse attraction given the sheer range of artistes represented, and with some unexpected pleasures (notably Association, Big Brother, Buffalo Springfield,and Quicksilver) which leave you beging for more from these and others who appeared and are not represented here (notably Grateful Dead and Steve Miller Band for me), sadly has too much dross (notably Blues Project, Al Kooper and Tiny Tim)and the Byrds and the Mamas and Papas reconfirming what the CDs of Monterey indicated which is these were sub-standard live performers against their peer group at that time.Sad postscript for me is Cream's management turning down the invite for them to appear at the Festival - one of those great &quot;what if's&quot; comparable with the Jeff Beck Group not appearing at Woodstock I fear.
This is my third Garmin GPS. The other unit I use is the Streetpilot 2610. Compared to the 2610, the Nuvi is more simple but it does the job quite well. The display is a little small but definitely readable. The unit is a little more primitive than the more costly Streetpilot (has less software features and programmability) but, I didn't want to pay for the extra MP3, bluetooth stuff that is in the 300 series. The navigation engine in the Nuvi is as good or slightly improved from the Streetpilot. When I have both GPS's side by side and select a waypoint 30 or 40 miles away, the Nuvi picks a better route most of the time. I also liked the window suction cup adapter for the Nuvi. It is well designed and does a good job holding the Nuvi steady.I have a few complaints that are small but noticeable. First, there was almost NO documentation with the unit. There were little pamphlets for about 10 different languages with very minimal info but it left a lot of questions unanswered. I suppose Garmin decided that the "hunt and peck" method of figuring out the Nuvi would suffice :( I can't seem to find in the Nuvi 270 menus how to disable rerouting. I also would like some more info on the 3D map page such as total distance to go. That information is available but you have to go to another page. And, the voice prompts on the Nuvi are surprisingly poor in quality. It sounds like the voice is talking out of a 10 cent can.Other than those issues, I am very happy with the features and compact size of the Nuvi. It should make our trip to Germany and France much easier to navigate. One last comment. I give Garmin 5+ stars for keeping the data formats from all of their products compatible. I downloaded my waypoints from my Streetpilot to my Nuvi without any problems and the Garmin Web updater saw the Nuvi and quickly brought it up to current revisions.
Brutal scenes, good gore. Not for the faint of heart. Dont bring to Christmas dinner.
With so much filth on TV coming out of the mouths of so called comics it is a relief to hear clean comedy. The kind that used to bring the house down without vulgar language. These Christian comedians show that Christians do have a sense of humor and how else can we survive in society as it stands today. Let's have more shows like this.
If you're looking for a novel with accurate historical reference, this is not it. Not only does he claim George Custer was killed in the Civil War, he places Lee's surrender at Monocacy Church, Maryland on August 31, 1863 (something I'll bet would have been welcome news to those that fought until 1865). The book is riddled with mistakes and omissions. Not what you would expect from a former Speaker of the House and a professor of history.
There was so much promise in Holy Superheroes as an exploration of the faith often reflected in comic books, and sadly for me it didn't deliver. As a Christian, an educator for 40 years who has used comic books in the public school classrooms as well as Sunday school and as a comic book reader and collector for over 60 years this was a letdown.Relating religion and comics is far from new and one of the best came out in the sixties. It was Robert Short's brilliant "The Gospel According to Peanuts" and it has been emulated many times since. It in fact inspired "The Gospel According to Star Wars". There have been several books on Superman in this regard with the best and most recent being Stephen Skelton's "The Gospel Acoording to the World's Greatest Superhero". Skelton also has put together "The Superman Bible Study" which has been out for several years. Everyone is doing this with pop culture from Star Trek to James Bond. Perhaps it reflects back to the work of two of the 20th century's greatest theologians who also wrote fantasy and science fiction. I refer to C.S. Lewis and J. R. R. Tolkein. Very tough acts to follow.It's not that Greg Garrett's idea is bad, it is one that can add a great deal to our Christian growth. He apparently has done this with "The Matrix" something my son, who is a missionary in Spain, has also done though his preference is "Star Trek" and the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy.Garrett's writing style is fluid and it does move fast. Garrett has also written novels so he should know how to handle the craft.Garrett claims he is studying to be an Episcopal priest and I am not saying he doesn't have the makings of a theologian and I don't pretend to be one myself. What is sad is that the author has missed an opportunity to be a real witness for Jesus Christ. I often pass on books with this theme to non Christians who are big comic readers. This definitely won't be one of them.Garrett has made the Bible little better than ancient foklore. The Islamic faith is held as an equal which shows that the author really needs to study the Quran and Hadith. I have and there is no similarity.The author seems unaware that we face a culture war, a clash of civilizations. His attempt at intellectual honesty does not come off and his concern over social issues does not ring true.Too bad as this "could have been a contender".
I really enjoyed the first Ringworld book, and although the second (Ringworld Engineers) was a bit so-so, I was still willing to give this one a shot. Unfortunately, it was terrible. The plot is very disjointed and thrown together. There are at minimum two unconnected stories. The first concerns a group of vampire hunters. Louis Wu is largely absent for that part of the story. Most of the first half is spent with the reader wondering why any of this is important. The second half of the novel concerns Louis Wu and some protectors. I won't spoil the plot for you, but suffice it to say there is almost nothing new in either of these plots. You simply don't care what happens to the characters. Good grief, I don't want to ever read about another protector again.
I'm glad some other people have had the same experience as me. When I first read all the reviews, I thought this might the book of the decade or something.I'm not going to spend time debunking the facts vs. fiction or whether I believe any of what is stated in the book... smarter, more well-read people than myself have done so at great length. However, I am a writer, and so I'll base my opinion the quality of writing, storytelling, plot, foreshadowing, and the like.I could forgive lack of character depth if the writing itself was tight (M. Crichton is the best at that), but its not. There were so many flashback's I often forgot where we were in the story. I still don't know anything about the characters even after finishing the book. Everything about them is told, nothing is shown. It's like being spoon fed pre-digested food; your brain never has to work at understanding them.Part of the problem with writing about secret societies is, well, they're secret. So witholding information in a mystery-like fashion is a bit unecessary... since the vast majority of the readers wouldn't know the first thing about them.Over all, the plot is interesting, but the story is abysmal. When they were on the plane and whats-his-face kept flashing back to his lectures, I actually decided I wasn't going to listen anymore. It was as if Mr. Brown had done all this research, put it in order, then tied it together with a couple of lame characters and then sent it to his editor. But I plodded on, hoping it would become better. I mean, come on, 80% of this book takes place either riding in cars or riding on planes... who would call that exciting?Anyway, I'm probably being a bit over critical, but I've tried for years to break into the 'published' world, and I can tell you if you weren't Dan Brown and this was your first novel, they'd laugh you out of their offices.oh well...
Honestly, I thought a lawyer game would be the most boring crap ever! WRONG! This game, even though it is pretty challenging (and has a bit of violence in it) it is funny and highly addicting. I really don't have to say whats good about this game (everything has been said!)
or so it may seem by the brutality in this book. Tabitha is more of a "literary" writer than her famous husband, so after two ot three novels that didn't sell very well, she wrote this and even though I read it yeara ago when it came out, I still remember it was something about a mother and her sons trapped in cabin or something. And some people break in and torture the family.Not at ALL like her previous books or those that followed. And not very good, either.I think the best book she wrote was CARETAKES.
This is a powerful movie for anyone interested in history/African politics. The Last King of Scotland follows the life of a fictional Scottish man who becomes the personal doctor and adviser to Ugandan president, Idi Amin. The plot is gripping and moves quickly between action scenes and political dialogue. Forest Whitaker's performance is amazing and very frightening at times. He definitely deserved winning the Oscar for Best Actor!WARNING! It is correctly rated R for disturbing images, please take this into consideration.
Any neckbone could write yet another 'get started investing, kids!' book. It'd be practical, perky, thorough, and sensible. And no one would read it.Hoenig injected his personality and sense of humor into his book, turning out one of the most readable, informative and original investing primers ever. See, that's the thing about writing about money for those who don't identify themselves as money types -- you've got a few seconds to grab their attention, convince them that the topic matters and assure them that you can render it comprehensible, interesting -- inspiring, even.As some other reviewers of this book have noted, Hoenig doesn't sound like most other money writers. How that can be construed as a flaw escapes me. Instead, Hoenig observes one of a writer's highest goals: a willingness to do whatever it takes to reach the reader. If that means pop culture references and a strange obsession with '80s music, so be it.Jonathan Hoenig is a friend of mine. I like him and I admire him. And I quite like this book (even its mistakes are kinda charming -- misspelling the name of a CNBC anchor hardly impugns the advice). So I won't pretend any lack of bias here.But at least I'll sign my name to my comments.
For such an intriguing topic this "book" is an absolute failure. Reads like the ingredients on the packaging for some generic cold medicine. Don't waste your time.
This movie will only be of interest to fans of the Universal horror films. The production imitates the popular Universal horrors, even to the extent of casting Bela Lugosi as a vampire with a werewolf sidekick, but in most departments it falls far short.The story itself is interesting, and touches on Stoker's original Dracula plot, but the dialogue is terribly clunky, and there are a couple of major plot holes (to do with Jane not recognising Tesla, and the inconsistent effect of crucifixes). The acting is not up to Universal's standard, but this may partly be due to a rushed production schedule. The sets are atmospheric (especially the overgrown graveyard), though obviously done on a budget (Lady Jane's staircase looks like a parade of showgirls will dance down it at any minute). Sadly, the director wastes many opportunities to create atmosphere or drama, and doesn't even bother to hide the blank wall at the back of the graveyard set. The music by Tedesco is a high point - written to resemble the work of Salter, Skinner, et al. at Universal, it is nonetheless original and well crafted, though the small size of the orchestra reveals itself.Lastly, Lugosi himself is actually not on-screen for long, and when he is, his enfeeblement (due to sciatica) is obvious. The slipshod direction does not give him a chance to shine as he does in other roles.The Universal horror films were ostensibly B movies, but, with Universal's lavish resources, could boast the production standards of an A picture. Columbia's imitation, in comparison, is notably inferior in almost every respect, and falls well below even Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man, arguably the weakest of the Universal series. If you are a fan of the Universal horror films, you'll find Return of the Vampire makes an interesting point of comparison, but don't expect to find present the same elements that make those films so enjoyable.
I am a big fan of David and Steve Gordon's work. Ever since Gate of the Sanctuary (later just renamed "Sanctuary"), I have been hooked on their music. The first Garden of Serenity I actually wore out my copy and had to replace it. Garden of Serenity II was ok, it was a little more "processed" and less natural-sounding.This volume, unfortunately, I have no idea what the Gordon brothers were doing, but it it is not at all to the quality of every other work that I have listened to of their work. This has been a definite complaint among several new age store owners of my acquaintence. It was almost as if the Gordon Brothers put down a few tracks, gave it a lick and a promise and sent it off to be produced and distributed. This work is not up to par of most New Age Music of this type, particlarly from this duo whom I really expected great things from. It sounds completely amateurish.
There really is something to the theory that men go crazy for a vanilla scent -- I know because of all the perfumes I wear, this one makes my guy a little nuts. Seriously, he loves it when I wear this perfume. It's not what I would consider a sophisticated scent but it's sweet, you know? It smells like french apple tart and vanilla sugar. It's absolutely wonderful. It is perfect really for any season of the year; from Winter to Summer. Sephora used to carry this but they stopped -- I don't understand why? Anyway, now I purchase it through Amazon which seems to be fine. I would highly recommend this to any woman, any age.
Most books on the best towns in the USA rate things like education, or so-called quality of life. Funky Towns has it's own criteria... How much fun it is to live there. I reccomend this book to anyone alive enough to know they're not happy where they are, and willing to make a move... literally. (Literarily as well, I think i just made that word up.)
This movie disturbed me. This will not be a popular opinion here but it is an honest one. When I saw it in theatres years ago I left feeling defiled. A woman who hates men has sex with a dead man so she can give birth, a child killed and a child maimed for life because their father coasted into the driveway and hit an unexpected car that was in the driveway that contained his wife performing oral sex on one of her students, women cutting their tongues out in protest over another womans violent rape. My friends have told me that I just wasnt looking at the humorous side of it. Kind of a weird opinion on their behalf. I think whoever conceived this stuff is a very sick person with a very sick view of the world.
Infinite Crisis had the longest build up of any story ever in the history of comics. It started in 2003 with Superman/Batman #5 and flickled throughout various issues and storylines in many other DC comics series.The build up was absolutely phenominal and for a while it felt like DC could do know wrong. Sales were out the roof and everyone was happy. Then finally Infinite Crisis came and all eyes were on DC.Unfortunately, they repeated the same errors they had done 20 year prior in C.O.I.E. and that was try and shove too much in too little number of issues. This story was told in 6 parts but felt like it would have fit better in 8 or even 10 issues. Again, much like C.O.I.E. you felt you were missing things due to poor editing which caused the reader to get lost.To be honest the ending had some really lame parts but still was entertaining. Are you going to get the story? Not fully unless you read some of the build up to Infinite Crisis. Really, if they are going to make a trade paperback of Infinite Crisis, they should also make a trade paper back of the pre-Infinite Crisis. Still, I recommend it.
The case photos and blurb of plot synopsis seem to indicate that this film is going to be a sad downer. The doctor tells computer language expert Jacques Dutronc that his brain is rapidly perishing. Then Jacques meets beautiful Sophie Marceau, in the clutches of a group of oddballs who use her in a club act where she is hypnotized and then addresses very intimate insights to various club patrons. As Jacques and Sophie fall in love, she realizes he is deteriorating. And brief flashbacks reveal their traumatic childhoods. (That's enough plot to engage you, I hope.)Yet the movie is a comedy! Jacques with his off the track verbiage, his antic behavior. Sophie contending with him and her hangers-on. The "Stephen King" hotel clerk and bellhop.And the images on screen are so brilliant! Wonderful colorful cinematography, with ingenious Zulawski capturing just what he wants, hang the expense. Though used sparingly, the music is beautifully emotional. And Sophie's high fashion dresses are as outrageous as Brazilian parrots.Oh, she's so pretty. And Dutronc, slight of frame, long faced, rather worn with age, eyes bluer than ever, obviously feels his role fits him to a T.This movie just has to flow over you. Let it! Twenty-four hours later, I am still elated.FOOTNOTE: This film is based on a prize-winning novel (not available in English) from the mid 80's by the then trendy author Raphaelle Billetdoux. After her father's death, she dropped out for 10 years, then re-emerged in the niche of homeopathy premised on the poisonous serpent in each of us that prompts bad behavior and real illness. I bet Zulawski is intrigued.
My 2 little girls love this book so much that I am having to order another one because they are always fighting over it. It has great color pictures and adorable prayers in it. My 3 yr old has began praying better since I have been reading her this book.
Two nights ago, I was staring at my bookshelf, looking at all of the books I've been totally interested in, bought, and then left to gather dust. Among them was Rupert Holmes' "Swing." I have no explanation for why I didn't read it right away -- I'm a real fan of Rupert's work, and I loved his first novel, "Where the Truth Lies." But for whatever reason, it sat on the shelf until Tuesday night.Well, if I had read it right when I bought it, I wouldn't have had the pleasure of devouring it this week. So it all works out. "Swing" is an excellent novel, much different in tone from the incredibly sexy "Truth." This one is set in 1940, about a year and a half before the U.S. entered World War II."Swing" starts out as a witty, bittersweet story of a jazz musician who misses his daughter, and the young (female) composer who charms the socks off him. But anyone familiar with Rupert's writing will know he's a twisty guy, and soon "Swing" is throwing you more curves than Lombard Street.The characters feel very real, especially the narrator, Ray Sherwood. Having met Rupert (just once, more's the pity), I can say that Ray has some of Rupert's own charm. The character's pain and his humor ring very true.The CD that accompanies the book adds some color, though you could totally enjoy the book (and get the entire story) without ever listening to the CD. However, it's worth playing the CD to enjoy Rupert's original take on big band music (and to hear the very unusual piece around which the plot revolves, "Swing Around the Sun").Overall, this novel is definitely worth reading. And *this* movie won't have to be rated NC-17! (Stupid ratings board!!!)
Overall this is the best console ever.Dozens of great games.Only thing lacking is sports where some are better on the Sega Genesis.
I will never understand the praise this film often receives. I'm not saying the folks praising it are wrong. I'm just saying I don't get it. I'm sorry, but, ANY slasher film featuring such an embarassingly inept use of the top half of a stiff-armed female mannequin (it's bad enough it's half a mannequin, but, to make matters worse, it's facing the wrong way)isn't going to get a rave review from me. If so, then I'd have to give rave reviews to Andy Milligan movies. I feel STAGEFRIGHT embraces many of the dated excesses that films like BLADE IN THE DARK and TENEBRAE tread on the edge of. The early MTV-ish stagey-ness, the (and I don't often say this) distractingly homely, overly-made-up actresses. The awkward find-your-mark-so-you-can-be-murdered direction, the dreadful choreography... (but, then, ANY choreography would feel out of place to me) I pity STAGEFRIGHT, because it does try to be a bit different and ambitious, it has its (fleeting) effective sequences (the assault in the rainstorm, the catwalk pursuit), the killer's mask is rather nightmarishly unsettling, and the feathers-in-the-air final confrontation is deliciously over the top. It's just not a just-squeaks-by-despite-its-limitations movie as far as I'm concerned. And there's way too much BAAAAAAAAD screaming.
This movie is wonderful. If you love Anne of Green Gables, this is the movie for you. Growing up with a disabled mother myself, I completely realated to the young girl. I couldn't stop crying all the way through. The ending left me wanting more. We just got a brief snipit of the lives of the characters. I would definitely welcome a sequel. It is just a heart-warming movie that I think all would enjoy. Oh and by the way, you don't have to be a southern to appreciate it.
This could have been a great movie if the action didn't happen so fast. The film didn't give its viewers a chance to actually take in what was going on. At least that's how I felt when watching it. I think if they'd have slowed it down a bit (during the attacks) more people would have gotten more out of it. There were times I just felt it was being run in fast forward.I have to give it four stars for action though. This movie did not lack any of it. It's worth the price.
This router has been nothing but frustration; I bought it because I thought the idea of two computers sharing a printer through one router was a great idea; and it is....a great idea that is. I have to reboot the router at least once a week, frequently not having access to the internet and/or printer. Frequently I get LAN errors; when I bypass the router everything works great. The reset button doesn't do anything that I am aware of; I mistakenly threw out the box so I think I am stuck with it.When this router is working, everything is great; but when it isn't you can count on spending at least an hour getting everything set up again.I am very disappointed; this is my first router/print server combo and I had high hopes of smooth sailing.
"Pale Fire" is an early example of what is now called metafiction. It begins with a Foreward by Charles Kinbote, a scholarly native of Zembla (a fictional country). From the start, Kinbote expresses an effusive love for the famous American poet John Shade. Kinbote rents out the manor next to Shade, and whenever Kinbote can't talk to him, he spies on him. As you learn in the brief Foreward, Shade dies and Kinbote obtains the manuscript for Shade's last poem "Pale Fire." Then begins a quest for the reader to sort out Kinbote's humorous delusions over the meaning of "Pale Fire": whether it's about Shade's literary and personal interests, as it seems, or actually coded details from stories of Zembla and its exiled king that Kinbote had begged Shade to write about before dying.The best way to read "Pale Fire" is like this: Grab two book markers, one for the poem, one for the commentary. Obviously read the Foreward first. Then read Canto I of the poem. After that, flip to the back of the book and read Kinbote's commentary on Canto I. Then flip back to Canto II and repeat the process (there's four cantos). At this point, you'll be finished with the book, but you'll want to read the poem once more without any interruptions.
As far as I know, this British gem from 1945 was the first &quot;anthology&quot; horror film, and is still probably the best. (This is progress?) The framing device involves an architect who is invited to spend a weekend at a country estate. When he arrives, he begins to feel he has experienced all this before, in a dream. The various guests then tell their own stories (all dramatized in flashbacks) of bizarre and possibly supernatural events in their own lives, mainly to convince a skeptical, materialistic psychologist. Ironically, the psychologist eventually tells the most bizarre story of the five! Unlike most other anthology films, this one ties the stories together in a weird climax which finally suggests that the whole thing is starting all over again, in an endlessly repeating circle.
I can see very little reason for the Dalai Lama to write a book on science. He is out of his league in writing this book. He does not at all understand his subject matter. His points on the convergence of modern physics and Buddhist philosophy are irrelevant. First, any similarities between modern cosmology or quantum mechanics and Buddhist philosophy are purely coincidental, and are not reflective of any deep truth. We arrive at scientific knowledge through a process of hypothesization and experimentation, the hypotheses being rigidly defined and definitely falsifiable. Buddhist philosophy does not contain this same element of falsifiability, its grounding in the empirical world being loose and open to interpretation. One cannot describe an objective procedure to rigorously falsify a Buddhist claim. Further, these claims are not rigidly defined, and widely open to interpretation, unlike the claims of modern physics, which result in a single answer to a calculation (although in practice one will end up making subjective approximations, but there is a procedure for estimating the error incurred in these approximations). Second, it is not at all surprising that one can draw some superficial parallels between physics and Buddhism, because the body of Buddhist thought is large enough and equivocal enough that one could point to similarities no matter what physics' worldview is.I do not understand the Dalai Lama's request that research in the subject of consciousness include internal examination. The definition of the nature of this internal examination is unclear, and procedure for carrying it out are not described. His suggestions are useless to scientists without being made more clear. His claims on what science is and is not capable of achieving or understanding are based on insufficient knowledge. Even respected, established scientists who make claims on what science cannot achieve have historically been proven incorrect many times over.I commend the Dalai Lama's interest in science. Further, I am amazed at his open-mindedness in writing, "if scientific analysis were conclusively to demonstrate certain claims in Buddhism to be false, then we must accept the findings of science and abandon those claims." He proved true to his word in renouncing certain Buddhist beliefs about the physical workings of the universe.However, his understanding of the method and teachings of science proved superficial when he argued that because science has not conclusively proven it completely understands the beginning of the universe or the origin of life, this leaves room for supernatural influence to have caused the universe to exist, or for new souls to inherit old ones through reincarnation. Science treats questions of the supernatural (defined as those things beyond nature, in other words those things that can not be observed) as fundamentally unanswerable and uninteresting, but the Dalai Lama does not seem to understand this attitude.The Dalai Lama has discussed science with many leading researchers and philosophers of science, such as David Bohm and Arthur Zajonc. I have no doubt that these he is well-informed, and that these men have done their best to impart their knowledge. But the gap between Western and Eastern thought in this case may be too wide to be easily bridged, and the responsibility lies in another man to do it. It may be that no one alive has a truly deep understanding of both Buddhist philosophy and the philosophy of science.Finally, I also applaud the Dalai Lama's calls for collaboration, and his attempts to spread some introductory knowledge of Buddhist thought. But the task of creating productive dialogues between scientists and Buddhists is an overwhelming one, involving not only language barriers, but barriers involving fundamental modes of thought. This book is not equal to the challenge, but I think the Dalai Lama's initial efforts are at least a step in the right direction.
I still have dandruff, but there is significantly less of it after only one week of using this product. I would consider it worth the money.
I love this book! It is currently one of my one-year-old's favorites. She has me read it OVER and OVER, and it's so cute and sweet that I barely mind it. We actually bought it for my first daugther because we wanted more "love" books that weren't specifically "Mommy" books that Daddy could read her too. The illustrations are beautiful...in the style of art made from construction paper. But what I really love is the flow of the words. For an early reader it's perfect. As it counts to 10 with animals and great descriptive words, it starts out with two number per page flip, because just a few animals don't take up as much room. But as it gets to the bigger numbers, it goes to two pages (one spread) per number. It's perfect because as attention span wanes toward the end of the book for an early reader, the pages turn faster and keep her attention. And of course the love message is just precious. I highly recommend this book to anyone for buying for yourself or as a gift. It's a great little size for small hands too... easy to hold, and not too heavy. My 5 year old still likes it too, because of the loving message, and now she reads it to her little sister (so sweet!)
My wife, a Russian, turned me on to this movie a few years ago. Since then, it's been one of our favorites. It is definitely worth buying if you have any interest in Russia. So many everyday sayings came out of these old soviet comedies. It's also a more honest portrayal of Russia than we (Americans) have been fed since way back into Cold War times.It's important to note all the work that Image Entertainment has put into this edition. The audio/video quality is excellent as always. The menu page can be in English or Russian. The subtitles are in many languages including English and Russian. The Russian subtitles are very useful for people like me that have studied the language, but are not completely fluent, and also for the children of Russian immigrants.
As the wife of a DC attorney and a 15-year resident of Washington I would have to try really hard to recognize the setting of &quot;Emperor&quot; as the same city in which I spent so many years. The diversity of the city may be a little too complicated for the points Carter tries to make but I think there was probably more room for the exploration of different aspects of the many races and faces that comprise our Nation's Capital.However, I do realize that Carter has a different agenda than I might have had. I am, of course, familiar with Carter's socio-political bent (conservative, African-American law professor critical of affirmative action and heavily into fundamental Christianity)and have to admit that I'm pretty much none of the above. I simply wish the city had been able to shine. Even so, this is a smart and pretty thrilling novel for one so big (over 600 pages)and it does have a good bit of sizzle.&quot;Emperor&quot; explores the meanings of loyalty, trust, marriage, family, career and citizenship. However, Carter avoids slipping into preachiness and does manage to basically keep the plot percolating along for most of the way. It is a little bit darker than I had expected and I found myself pretty depressed by the end but I really enjoyed the novel and found it 1000 times easier to read than any of Carter's articles on the law, none of which I have completed.
Yes, you can buy Xbox credits at any electronics or toy store or even through the Xbox, itself. But if you order them through amazon, you're going to get a better price, avoid paying tax, and not have to worry about your credit card being used inappropriately or in unauthorized ways by Microsoft. This seems to be the best method of purchasing Xbox credits.
My husband, who is a folk guitarist by hobby, doesn't normally enjoy contemporary christian music. BUT, this album is one of his all time favourites. Chapman's ability as a guitarist is only highlighted by this selection of Christmas music. The guitarist in your family will love it too!
This book was riveting from start to finish, and I could hardly find enough time to be in the car & listen to it. Capote is a gifted writer, and has superbly cobbled together the story of the grisly, horrifying murder of the Clutter family from the monumental amount of files, notes, interviews, and evidence that he had at his disposal. I was (and am) blown away by Capote's ability to make even the most unsavory of characters somewhat sympathetic. He was able to (initially) approach the story from a sort of journalistic aspect, and as such he seemed able to write from a relatively objective view about what was obviously a sickeningly violent incident, and an incident seemingly without motive or reason.What became interesting as I got toward the end of the book was the fact that Capote became more sympathetic toward Perry Smith. He seemed to see Perry as a sort of pawn in the hands of Dick Hickock. Perhaps Dick thought so as well at times, but I got the sense from the book (despite how Capote described him) that Perry Smith was much more brutal and cold than Dick Hickock ever dreamed of being. I find it strange that I would come to that (obvious) assumption, considering that by the end of the book, Capote was personally acquainted with both men. However, I wondered if Capote was a little captivated by Smith, and as such (by the end) could not see him in as objective a fashion as he did at first. It was a gut reaction, of course, and I am only speculating.Regardless of how personally involved in their lives Capote became - and my understanding was that the prison system allowed him generous access to both Smith & Hickock - I think he did what seemed almost impossible to do, and that was to give as accurate an account of the crime as possible. Not only did he do so, but he created what is widely regarded as the book that introduced the genre of true crime & the non-fiction novel. In Cold Blood is in a class by itself, having set the bar of excellence in its genre so high that it has yet (in my opinion) to be equalled or surpassed.
I mentioned in another review that while it is nice Paramount Video is releasing many treasured classic products from their libraries, it is somewhat disappointing they do not show a tendency to completely satisfy fans and neglect the detailed extras I believe could add so much enjoyment. They have continued this pattern with the "Mission Impossible-Season 1." Technically, the job is handled well. However, there are no extras.In the first season, we have the "business-like" Steven Hill leading the team with more of an authoritarian style as compared to the somewhat "father-like" style Peter Graves displayed beginning in season two. The transfers look and play just fine. Of course, the James Bond inspired plots are dated and the so called "foreign country" locales look way more domesticated than I remember as a kid but overall, the storytelling still stands out.I believe you will enjoy this show better if you can remember the times as they were back then. In my judgment, the memory of the Cold War tension makes the show seem a bit more unsettling and riveting. To a younger viewer, it will be little more than escapist entertainment. Funny, there were a few "new" things I noticed after all these years. First, my memory was that the show took itself very seriously. However, now I notice snippets of dialog that prove the writers were capable of having some fun. Also, though television shows of the 60's were beginning to portray women as more than the wholesome and dutiful wives the 50's sitcoms etched in our minds, it is almost too extreme how Barbara Bain's only contribution to a mission seemed to be getting the bad guys aroused (In the pilot episode, Martin Landau's character even hints that the best use of his free time alone with her would be a quick roll in the sack). Of course, I imagine most male viewers weren't protesting. Finally, all those years ago, I never paid much attention to the irony that Rollin Hand (Martin Laundau) always bore an amazing resemblance to each person he was going to disguise himself as(ha, ha).My only complaint, as mentioned earlier, is the lack of extras. Several of the stars are still with us. What about some interviews? This show ran for seven years. How about some sort of history? And get this - we don't even get the original air dates of the episodes listed! All we get is a note saying the episodes are in order. Maybe it is just me expecting too much. I just hate this "let's not pay anyone we don't have to in order squeeze every penny of profit" policy that Paramount seems to be displaying. Come on Paramount, we live in an information age. Would it hurt to give us some?
This is one of the traditional textbooks of reservoir engineering that has survived the pass of time because of its undoubtful quality. The book has a considerable number of solved and proposed exercises and the subjects are presented in a manner very easy to understand. It was originally written at the time in which material balance calculations were the basic algoritm used by reservoir engineers to characterize hidrocarbon reservoirs. As such, this book is organized in terms of the material balance equation: it goes from material balance applied to dry gas, the next chapter is about material balance applied to gas-condensate, then undersaturated and so on, until all diferent fluids are covered. A variety of procedures to do the material balance calculations are presented, many of them of little or no usefulness today and definitely not even mentioned in modern reservoir engineering courses. Important topics such as PVT are dispersed in all the chapters. Other such as pressure testing and inmiscible displacement are covered without adequate depth. Numerical simulation is not even an entry in the subject index. In summary, if your interest is to read about material balance methods in reservoir engineering, this is the book to pick. If you are seeking a general view of the subject then there are better options.
To begin with, I have all 3 sets. There has nothing on TV that comes close to this show in composition and thought. The actors,well, they are perfect for the roles they have been chosen for and they evoke the emotional response that they set out to do.La Femme Nikita rises above the rest like they did not even exist! I just wish there were a Season 4!!!!
Unlike the meandering tone of many Regency romances, Kleypas keeps true to her characters (many of whom reoccur throughout her books)and their mileau, wihout excessive decriptives and dialogue about fripperies! This is a wholly satisfying book, that you'll want to read in one sitting. It is better, in fact, than the preceding novel that links to it (Someone To Watch Over Me) - and you don't need to read one to read the other, though I'd certainly recommend both.
As other reviewers have mentioned, the only real negative about this bike is the packing. The box was tattered when it arrived, and I thought the bike itself was in faily good shape with only a couple of minor scratches. I was wrong.The bike is of heavy duty construction but, as happened to another reviewer, the back wheel would wobble when my son rode on it. I ordered another one, but the same problem existed. I finally gave up and returned the second one as well, this time for a refund.Too bad, otherwise it would have been a great product. I rated it five stars initially and would change it to one if I could.
Having started this at 10 pm I ended up reading till almost 4 am just to finish it. It was very good. Instead of the usual sexual tension then climax of most romance novels, with this story its more of a developing attraction and two people learning about themselves.The heroine is learning for the fist time in her life about self worth, and the hero is coming to realize that he comes across harshly toward people, (though those who know him also know that it's all "bluster"), which has resulted in him being in the background more often then not. She's living in constant fear of losing her job by angering him or not measuring up, and he's hurt that she obviously fears him and shies away from him.All she's known in her life is a rough hand, first by her father, then her deceased husband.The relationship develops at a nice pace, but we never see the couple make love or get married. (It is obvious at the end that they will). And for the first time, instead of feeling "cheated" by that fact, I was enthralled with this couple and totally fulfilled by their outcome. All of the characters were endearing. I'm glad that I read this one, but I've not decided if it's a keeper or not.
**May contain SPOILERS**The Lovely Bones by Alice Sebold is without a doubt one of the more original novels in the past couple of decades. Sebold clearly knows how to write; in fact, she's more of a painter when it comes to writing because she describes the settings and situations so smoothly and lyrically especially when she describes heaven to the reader(s).The novel itself is a story about how Susie Salmon is raped and murdered by local neighbor, George Harvey. She narrates the story from heaven and tells us how her loved ones cope with her death, how her killer tries to cover up his tracks, and how she is adjusting to her new life in paradise. Keep in mind that just because this is a story about heaven that does not make it a religious novel. In fact, Susie's heaven is pretty Godless and defies certain traditional conceptions of heaven where everything is clouds or a Garden of Eden. Although, it's clear that this is just an artistic approach to the concept of heaven and not meant to be a sermon on what heaven is. Anyways, back to the story.There are many high points to Sebold's debut novel. The characters are pretty well-developed despite what some reviewers have commented about them being "cold and distant" (a family just lost someone they loved - of course they're going to struggle with their emotions). As I said before, Susie's heaven is an interesting paradise in that the scenery seems to change everyday and the deceased are learning to put their lives on Earth beside them and move on in the afterlife. Strong drama and suspense is what keeps The Lovely Bones from diving into another typical melodrama.The novel is not without flaws. For instance, the scene where Susie somehow takes over the body of a girl on earth and has intercourse with the boy of her dreams seems out of place and just too bizarre. Plus, the ending appears to be a little contrived and cliched. But the high points overcome the flaws.Overall, I would definitely recommend The Lovely Bones to almost anyone but don't expect this absolute masterpiece that most critics have claimed it to be.
My criteria for choosing a chair was straightforward:-1)Must be simple well engineeredAfter going to BabysRUs and getting thoroughly disappointed by the utter vulgarity of the loads of plastic make it look pretty chairs, I knew there had to be a better place else where. Found out about this chair's elite version at costco, and finally this one here at amazon. To put it quite simply, if you are a bob stroller kinda guy, or a bogen/Gitzo kinda girl, this is the baby chair for you. Functionally efficient, aesthetically um, eclectic.Btw, those considering between this and the elite version, the following are the differences per call to boon:-1) Base of elite is made of Stainless Steel while this has plastic2) Elite comes with 2 matts, while this comes with only 1. Extra matts run around [...] shipped.
The product was shipped fast, and it was brand new. The binder is good for any business person or someone who enjoys writing and has a lot of papers. I would purchase more of these is necessary.
This book is essentially extracted from the New Grove Dictionary of Opera, gathering together the items for Verdi. It contains a chronology of Verdi's works and highly significant events in his life, a 30 page biography, followed by almost 200 pages devoted to the operas separately. A not very useful glossary and (more useful) index of roles completes the work.The individual opera discussions tend to follow a fixed pattern: a very brief characterization of the type of opera and its first performance; A list of the initial cast.; a table of the characters -- and the categories of voice for which they were written; a brief description of the background to the writing of the opera and its initial reception; a fairly lengthy synopsis of the plot and major musical feature; a brief assessment of the opera.By and large all these features are very well done. I would have liked more analysis, and at times there are tantalizing snippets of information whose relevance is not followed up. You are not likely to sit down and read this book from cover to cover -- it is presumably not intended for such use. Instead, it provides an excellent vehicle for looking up the nature of particular Verdi operas and where each one fits in to his work -- there is remarkably little about the contemporary musical scenes.
The best of all worlds? Yes! These plates are sturdy, biodegradable, and a good value. This product allows me to be sensitive to the enviroment which not sacrificing quality I have become used to. This product will help us battle the landfill and pollution problems which plague our planet.
I watched the NFL Network countdown of the 20 greatest Super Bowl teams, and some of them really stand out-this one does!The team was ranked #16 out of the top 20, but while the team may be ranked 16th, the DVD is at the top of the class. There are great individual stories, video, and music, all of which are tied together nicely.This andNFL Americas Game: Chicago Bears Super Bowl XXare two of the best I've seen.The Bears team was ranked #2 in the countdown, but like the 1996 Packers DVD, the DVD itself ranks higher than that.This is NOT for football fans only!Both this and the 85 Bears version make great gifts.
Out of all Sinead's albums (and I listened to them all) this is, without a doubt, her best - only Sean-Nos Nua comes close in musical consistency and quality. Each one of her previous releases was chock-full of filler (musically if not lyrically or statement-wise etc, but I really care only about the general musical enjoyment and do not pay much attention to all that other stuff). In this case almost every track is a gem - I absolutely must mention here &quot;It's All Good&quot;, &quot;Nothing Compares 2 U&quot; (live version that manages to surpass the older studio number) and stunning &quot;Paddy's Lament&quot; as the highlights; but this record basically doesn't have weak songs in it... well perhaps &quot;Big Bunch of Junky Lies&quot; is a bit of a throwaway. Anyway, if you need just one Sinead's album then this is the one to own - I'd prefer it even to her Greatest Hits compilation
The graphic representation of Joan's consummation in the flames is astonishing, even by todays standards. I can't imagine how it got past the censors in 1928. A haunting visual that you'll never forget.
Even if you will be hiring a real estate lawyer or title company, this is a good book to have in order to become familiar with deeds and changing them.If you aren't familiar with the NOLO brand of legal books, these books give a good layman's overview of the legal area they cover in everyday language.
I love this Curling Iron. This is the second Marcel Iron I have owned and I really like the Hot Tool brand. My daughter and grand daughters use this brand. So when my old Marcel Iron gave up, I knew exactly what I was going to buy. You can not find this product on the Island of Hawaii so I went to my usual source Amazon and there it was! Love it, buy one you will love it too. It heats quick and has a heat adjustment dial on it that actually works!
This food processor is great! Very easy to use and does a great job. I am so glad I went with this one over the cheaper ones I was considering. This one is worth the money.
I have an alarm app (from Amazon) called Alarm Clock Xtreme - I highly recommend, I paid for it, it's that good. I wake up to a random song from this album everyday, never fails to have me humming all morning - this morning "A Kiss to Build a Dream On" one of my favs. That gravely voice, that trumpet...never fails to wake me up happy. :)
I have no idea how this movie can be rated so high here at Amazon.I bought this movie because of these rave reviews here, but I am upset that I bought it and wasted my 10 dollars. What a shame !!The movie starts out fine. Cast includes some famous actors and actresses with big breasts. Before some narrative can be constructed, the movie blurts out all the details about the murders, and it ends. I was totally unprepared for such an abrupt and strange ending, and it left some sour taste in my mouth. I felt like I was conned.Don't buy this DVD even if you are a big fan of the board game 'Clue'.
This is the first enjoyable fantasy book I read. I read it for a book report and loved it, and thanks to Mr. Niles I became I huge fantasy for all the years afterwards. I still remember the amazing characters: Tristan, Robyn, Daryth, and of course the evil Kazgoroth, the shape-changing demon-like creature that invades the Moonshae Isles. The characters are wonderful, the enemy horrific, and it has everything a good story needs: love, violence, evil, action, strange and horrible enemies and an ultimately evil enemy: Kazgoroth. I've read this several times, and it's always the same great story. I recommend that anyone who wants to read fantasy, but has read some bad ones in the past should check out this book and then see where it takes you. Excellent book.
I can't believe how many people on here thought &quot;Me Talk Pretty One day&quot; was his best work. That was horrendous.It may be because I've gone to so many readings of Sedaris that I could hear his intonation, and that made it funny, but I thought this was hilarious. The Rooster as a father? The beach house that never was? If you've known the various charachters in Sedaris' family (and I do mean charachters) this is some quality reading-but I would not suggest it as an intro to his work. I really enjoyed this.
If this doesn't convince them DVD is the state of the art, nothing will. Get it in DTS and rent the Dolby version for the one extra supplement material that is missing on the DTS version.The movie itself isn't bad, it was the frontrunner in the Oscars until "Shakespeare in Love" came late riding on a wave of favorable reviews. Strangely, "Ryan" still won every other Best Picture trophy to be given that year. (Kind of reminds me how Michelle Pffeiffer won almost every Best Actress award for "Fabulous Baker Boys" except the Oscar.) It is one of the most realistic depictions of combat in movie history. Perhaps only the Band of Brothers series, which came much later (HDTV and now DVD) can rival this movie when it comes to realism.The movie, IMO is about irony. Forget the special effects for a while and concentrate on Edward Burns' line as he ponders the math: "What's the use of risking the lives of eight of us for just one guy?" The mission was FUBAR to begin with, a public relations job, as Dennis Farina says. One bad decision, but so well executed by skilled professionals, no major foul-ups, so far, so good. Then Tom Hanks decides to commit his entire squad against a machinegun nest he could have easily bypassed, or taken out with his sniper (who was extremely talented). He loses his medic, of all people, a non-combatant. He frees a surrenderee (the decent thing) and pays dearly for the kind deed. He then impossibly allows himself to be talked by mission objective himself, Private Ryan, into making a desperate, predictably disastrous defense of a bridge against German armor. You know the rest: when a handful of men without big guns take on a few tanks plus 50 enemy infantry, the results could only be disastrous, even if the said men were elite Rangers and 101st Airborne.I was so emotionally spent after watching this movie, I was inspired (if it can be called that) to imagine, many days later, a different ending for this movie. At the risk of being called a spoiler (IMO, a lot of people have seen this anyway), here it is: They extract Ryan indeed, and most of them make it back to the American lines. OK? Then, as they arrive at dusk, a nervous sentry mistakenly shoots Ryan dead. Mission failed. See if that doesn't break your heart. Don't laugh, something like this happened in Band of Brothers, which is based on true stories of 101st Airborne men. (OK the man shot didn't die.)OK, my 15 minutes is up. Summary: great movie, great DVD. If you really must watch that extra supplement in the Dolby version, either rent that version (which I did) or buy it too. But don't leave this DTS version out of your collection.
...but better than the wireless pos I had before. This mouse is almost perfect but I hate the individual clicks when scrolling.
The Rule of Four has been billed as a book for people who loved the Da Vinci Code - the publicity has been similar in tone, the book's cover design evokes that of the Da Vinci Code, etc. All I have to say is that the tie-in is a brilliant piece of marketing for the publishers of The Rule of Four, because the two books have about as much in common as Valley of the Dolls and The Hours - both books are about women, but past that how much are they alike? Not very, in my opinion. And The Rule of Four and the Da Vinci Code aren't much alike either.Although the central storyline of The Rule of Four is about codes hidden within an obscure document, I would say only about 50 percent of the content of the book actually deals with that subject. The other 50 percent of the book deals with the backstories of the characters, reminiscences of school life at Princeton, boring exchanges between the narrarator and his girlfriend, etc. etc. It takes 150 pages to get to the set-up of the book's main conflict and by then you have been all over the place. Frankly, by the time I got to page 150 I was disillusioned enough that I wanted to quit reading, but continued on in hopes that the story would get somewhere or something interesting would happen. Nothing of note ever did, and at the end of the book I felt like I had wasted my time by reading it.The biggest problem with The Rule of Four is that it seems like the authors couldn't decide what kind of book they wanted to write. Do we want to write a memoir about our years at Princeton, or a coming-of-age tale about four friends? Do we want to write a mystery-thriller, or the great American novel? Do we want to write fiction or non-fiction? It seems to me that as an author you should figure out answers these questions before you sit down to write the book.As it is, The Rule of Four is just a mess. Pages and pages about the landscape of Princeton and the social intricacies of the campus eating clubs, which I am sure are fascinating if you are a prospective, present or past student of Princeton, but frankly I could have cared less. Those sections certainly didn't help move the story along. The book jumps from fast-paced action that's carelessly explained (so much so that it's difficult to tell what has gone on) to long-winded, pedantic explorations of the history of the book's researchers. I never had any idea where the story was headed or what I was supposed to be paying attention to. The book is full of references to things which I imagine are inside jokes between the authors, which just come off as random or snarky, and you can tell the book was written by people not far out of college, because inconsequential things are given monumental importance, like the main character's relationship problems with a woman he's been dating for four months. Come on.The only reason this doesn't get one star is because the main story is quite interesting and the details are very engaging. The "reveal" is quite clever and was quite a surprise. I wish the authors had focused on the central story line about the Hypnerotomachia Poliphili, it would have definitely improved the book and made it into something worth reading.In all, this book isn't worth your time. I liked the Da Vinci Code - it wasn't a classic of modern literature or anything, but it was fun reading and the subject matter was interesting. There were some plot flaws, and Dan Brown isn't the greatest writer I've ever read, but believe me, he looks like Shakespeare next to Ian Caldwell and Dustin Thomason. Just because you liked the Da Vinci Code doesn't mean you should waste your time on this mess. Skip it, or at least buy it for cheap if you do want to check it out.
This is a gorgeous volume, beautifully reproduced on hard stock paper, and it definitely belongs in the library of all comic book fans. Seeing Neal Adams' work reproduced with high quality printing is a real treat -- it's as if we'd only ever seen the art through a dirty window. If there's one problem, it's that the newly inked version of the second story which Adams did especially for this book makes one wish he had done the same to all of his art. For those unfamiliar with &quot;Deadman,&quot; it's a classic revenge story with a supernatural angle: acrobat Boston Brand is murdered by person or persons unknown to him; he's allowed to come back from the dead to track down his own killer. But there's a catch: Brand is a spirit, and has to take over the bodies of living people in order to pursue his quest; the people he possesses have no memory of what happens while they're possessed. Created by Arnold Drake in 1967, the stories (by several writers) are solid and hold up well, and are given their real power by Adams' incredible art. The drawings crackle with energy and emotion, sometimes literally breaking out of the panels. Adams set new standards for comic book art and story telling when he did this work, and it's easy to see how he influenced the next generation of artists. DC Comics is to be highly commended for putting together such an outstanding volume.
It was easy to replace my old fan with this one. Runs silent now, since about two months.
The Maestro, the evil future intelligent world conquering version of the Hulk, comes with one arm and arm tube of the mighty Apocalypse. Apocalypse being the kick butt 14" giant figure you can build if you buy the six figures in this series.Maestro Hulk has great paint and body sculpt with tons of detail and his muscles are so huge it looks like his skin may burst. His beard is scuplted and painted well and he comes with his crazy pointy hat that fits well on his bald head. He is a touch shorter than I'd like and this plus the swelled size of his arms and hands and his funny clothes do make him look dwarf like but once you get used to it it grows on you. Overall a really cool figure and someone to take on the first appearance grey Hulk from the Galactus series. Talk about alpha and omega.
We actually got this book to help our friends who are looking to purchase a house themselves. Having already gone through the process we wish we had this book when we were in the market for buying a house. This book gives a good overview of the financial (budgeting, loans, government programs) and legal issues (contracts, etc...) regarding the sale of houses, as well decent pointers for working with real estate agents, finding a good neighborhood, and so on. The best part is that it does all of this in plain English. I highly recommend this book.
I discovered the sudoku puzzles in the local newspaper. Since I really enjoyed them, I went out and bought a couple of books. I was very disappointed in this one because they are all very easy and can be completed in 5 minutes or less. I am not an expert in this and just started doing these puzzles about 3 months ago. I have flipped all through the book and have not found a single puzzle that was really a challenge. I think this book is great if you want some easy to solve puzzles but if you want some difficulty to them, I would recommend looking at the Will Shortz books. The puzzles in those books are in order of difficulty and they are challenging and fun to do.
Pauline Gedge, as usual, is probably the best writer of &quot;Egyptian Fiction&quot;. Her characters and scenes are equisitely detailed, whether she writes in the third or first person. House of Illusions continues the story of Thu, and her son, who were separated under edict of Rameses III. The ending and events, although near the end were rather fantastical and almost predictable. If you have not read Lady of the Reeds, then you probably would not enjoy this book as much, but as sequels go, it is quite well done.
I lived in New England for 26 years and have eaten more than my fair share of lobster bisque. It's one of my favorites.The stuff that came out of the can is very dark orange-colored which is not typical for lobster bisque, devoid of any flavor, and just plain gross. It could not be eaten out of the can because of the dreadful flavor. There is no cream in this soup and any bisque is heavy with cream. There's milk, wheat flour, and teeny dots of lobster. I'm a good cook but I doubt that I can doctor this up to taste like anything worth eating.When I read the other negative reviews, I thought...oh well. Folks from other parts of the country don't know what real lobster bisque tastes like, but surely Bar Harbor is doing it right. WRONG. As a New Englander, I know what good lobster bisque tastes like and it's not this.Unless you enjoy mystery food and dislike lobster, I'd advise against purchasing this.
Three year warantee with cross-shipping, mind blowing specifications that are matched only by monitors costing 2 to 3 times a much.Bright, light, easy on the eyes, no stupid poor quality speakers to take up space, very low power usage, top specs on all.Great bargin along with top quality. As someone said to me the other day in looking at my monitor, &quot;That is the best looking display I have ever seen&quot;.Jon
For first gen Acura Legends this water pump was pretty easy to install, but the hard part is getting everything else out of the way! Like,a) remove front right wheel, remove road rock shield from under engine & front bumper,b) drain coolant,c) support the engine with a board and bottle jack on right oil pan flange,d) remove upper timing belt covers,e) disconnect Right engine mount,f) remove PS, Alt & AC belts,g) make a belt drive pulley removal tool using 2ft of 1.5" angle iron and two 1/2" nuts & 4 bolts,h) remove belt drive pulley main bolt,i) remove belt drive pulley,j) remove lower timing belt cover,k) release timing belt tension spring,l) loosen & remove timing belt tension pulley,m) remove timing belt,n) remove Nine water pump bolts (2 big, 7 smaller).The o-ring gasket makes it easy to install the new pump, but I use a little gasket sealant hear & there to make sure it doesn't slip out of the pump's grove.As I expect another 150K on this car, minimum, I installed the Gates timing belt/pulley kit Gates TCK129 Timing Belt Component Kit as well as all three other belts, Gates K040360, Gates 7425, Dayco 5030425DR among other stuff.More important than installing this water pump is getting the timing belt installed correctly. Very critical. Instructions inside the Gates kit are quite good.
It's funny but I'd always remembered the song &quot;moonlight feels right&quot; as one of the hazy memories from my highschool years. Unfortunately, I'd never bothered to buy their album or hear their other songs. My parents have lived next door to Bruce Blackman(who they say is a cool guy, though they don't use the word cool) for years, so I guess it's time to finally check out this album. Based on the reviews I've seen here, plus liking the aforementioned song, I'm sure I'm gonna like it.
Michael Basso has really created a handbook that every teenager, teacher, and parent should own. In an approachable question and answer format, Basso outlines the most frequently asked questions about anatomy, relationships, contraception/STDs, and violence that he has experienced in his many years as a high school teacher. Particularly wonderful are the informative and often funny illustrations peppered throughout the book.I did find his weakest area to be the section on pregnancy and childbirth. (Episiotomy is NOT necessary for birth and numerous studies throughout the world has shown it to be an unnecessary procedure). I also took issue with his use of the word &quot;AIDS&quot; when most educators use &quot;HIV&quot; to describe this STD. I think that many teens (and adults) would not be able to put this book down - I know I couldn't!
I'm only an occasional reader of science fiction, and I've read even less cyberpunk - perhaps that's why I can't go along with all the reviews either calling this the greatest novel ever written, or a terrible hack job...they seem to be taking things within the context of the current cyberpunk scene, a scene I'm only vaguely familiar with.I enjoyed the book the way one might enjoy a big Hollywood movie. The characterizations and plot were shallow and taken directly from noir and pulp fictions, no doubt about it. However, for all the times I've seen noir plots, I still enjoy them. I think the author made things fun, and kept the story going along smoothly. The ending did fall a little flat, but cyberpunk as a genre seems to flop the endings, and this was at least decent.Also, I think it's easy to appreciate the futuristic setting of the book. True, it's a largely outdated view of the future, but it's an interesting world, and it's fun to see just how much Gibson got right back in 1984. I read this when I stayed live in post-bubble Osaka, and the book's view of the fringes of an efficient high-tech society struck a chord with me.
For a first book this was great better than some established romance writers third of fourth books. Great characters and a realistics time span- the whole thing does not take place in 6 weeks!. The lovers take a while to go from hate, lust to love like real people. Read this and read the sequel Heavenly match as well
Jazz Oracle have fortunately given in to requests from the record buying public and released a fourth volume of Dorsey Bros. gems, some eleven years after volume three. The majority of these sides come from 1933 and 1934 when the brothers had to give in to popular tastes and record straight dance music with just a little room for hot solos. The music is well-scored and well-played however, so lovers of dance music sounds will certainly find many delightful sides here. A track like "Good Night, Lovely Little Lady" takes a leaf out of Casa Loma's book; the rich sonorities, the excellent clarinet work by Jimmy and the warm-sounding trombone lead by, no not Tommy, who was absent from this date, but by ol' Klondike himself (Glenn Miller's nickname, bestowed on him by Mac). Miller, after Tommy, a band chorus and Don Matteson, also sings on "Annie's Cousin Fannie", a rather risqu&eacute; tune of his own composing (words and music). The "Dawn Patrol" and "Bugle Call Rag" are spoofs on some of the Mickey Mouse bands' 'hot' styles and give a nice idea of how hep musicians really looked down on that kind of music. The jazz fire burns brightest in the five sides Jimmy 'Lad' Dorsey recorded in 1930 for Decca in London when he found himself in the company of a.o. Spike Hughes and Bill Harty. The producers have deliberately avoided doubling any titles from HEP releases 1005 and 1006 which are also very worth while looking for.Documentation, discography and sound restoration are all lovingly done (possibly one of the last issues JRT Davies collaborated on) as we have come to expect of Jazz Oracle.
Unfairly maligned and spit upon by weird old Yes fans, Tormato is in need of a second opinion a quarter of a century after the fact. This collection of songs is (of course) not as good as CTTE, Relayer, or Going For the One - but those are the band's best albums... how could it be? For my money it's better than Drama and full of worthy songs in the Yes catalog. Future Times is catchy and deep enough, Don't Kill the Whale, though dated is still a nice little groovy number and Release Release rolls along unrelentingly much in contrast with the soothing Madrigal and Onward.It might take a second or third spin to "get it" like any Yes album, but it's not unworthy and it's both better than it's reputation and almost everything that has been release released since.ha!
This is a mind-bending look at one of the world's most controversial artists both on and off the stage. Shot throughout the U.S., Japan, Russia and Europe, this release spotlights the performance that has made Manson truly infamous.This DVD contains features whichs give the viewer an "all access pass" to off stage life and a glimpse behind the scenes as the tour takes them from Tokyo to Berlin, Moscow to Rome, Long to New York, and everywhere in between.See U In the Future...
If you're like me, you're wondering which DVD version to get of this zombie classic. Trust me, get the Millennium Edition. I've seen the movie countless times, and it has never looked better than on this version. Not only is the picture great, but the sound is a nice little treat as well. Crammed full of bonus materials, this disc will keep you busy for awhile. Stay away from any other DVD release of this movie. GET THE MILLENNIUM EDITION.
A modern masterpiece. These charmingly, quirky characters will stick in your mind long after reading this wonderful novel. The hysterical narration has great fun with butchering the English language in inventive ways. This book reads like 2 or 3 (maybe more) great stories all rolled into one deliciously complex novel. When you're going to write about something as terrible as the Holocaust, humor is brilliant way to delicately approach it. This book blew me away. A novel written this beautifully comes along no more frequently than once per decade, if that often. 4-1/2 stars.
I wanted something sturdy & I read all the reviews on this particular model & I went with it. I am glad I bought it. It is very sturdy & will not break easy like my plastic ones I have had in the past. I will probably get another here before long. You can even add other bags to it. I absolutely love it.
This movie opened my eyes to how powerful Craigslist is and how it is like a nation upon itself. Craigslist can be used for a lot of good, but like with anything it can also be abused and used for bad stuff like theft and stalking people.I have been selling my good on craigslist for about a year now and I would say the majority of the people are honest and don't take advantage of you, but there is the growing minority who prey upon nice people and take advantage of them. I believe craigslist should roll out "premium services" where they charge $9/month for people to use. It would bring in more revenue and weed out a lot of the bad apples.
Rise & Fall: Civilizations at War has the look of a great game, but once you start getting into the mechanics of it, it's surprising how many fundamentals of RTS fall flat. I recently re-played StarCraft, and I can see how many things that were new then, have been much improved upon since. Oddly, Rise and Fall seems to have missed the boat on a lot of these basic important things that would make the gameplay good. For example, in the Tutorial mode it's not always clear what your exact objectives are--you might think you're accomplishing a goal and discover you forgot to follow a step or buy an upgrade. That's not good for what is supposed to be the easiest part of the game. Units can be produced for different purposes (e.g., skirmishers are not the same as archers, who are in turn not the same as cavalry), but none of them seems to have a different skillset. In other words, in a game like Age of Empires, archers need to stay behind cover or at a distance from cavalry, who will run them down. Foot soldiers have to charge quickly if they are going up against mounted enemies, preferably while archers are letting fly from a distance and your own mounted units are on the way to provide reinforcements. Games like Warhammer 30,000 reward you for digging into trenches for cover, or taking higher ground to rain damage down upon your enemy. In Rise and Fall, units just fling themselves at each other until it's over. Or at least, they would if they could follow simple instructions. I typically have to tell units more than once to go fight an enemy before they'll move. When they get there, they might just stop fighting and watch the enemy go hack down my walls. Or--worse--they can get stuck on the landscape and fumble against rocks while the bad guys crawl through dense trees and somehow breach my walls. All of this gets more difficult when you can't see your units--unlike any other RTS game I've played, units leave no silhouettes for you to find them when they step into the woods or go to the other side of a wall: I was often drawing lassos, grabbing everybody, and returning them to a clear area so I could sort them back out, sending stray peasants back to work and ordering individual units back to their own kind.Rise and Fall: Civilizations at War also offers a new play mode, similar to Faces of War: "Hero Mode" lets you take control of your powerful hero and complete some quests in a first-person, WASD-mapped way. When I was up close and personal with Alexander, I was amazed at how beautiful the environment looked: deep water, green trees, and overall gorgeous landscape almost took my attention away from the goals. Almost. Unfortunately, I had to pay very close attention to Alex, as he seemed very clumsy and fumble-footed under my direction: sometimes he couldn't walk down a slope unless I gave him extra clearance to either side of him. Using the bow and arrow was rather nicely done, but swinging the sword was much like the old classic "Robin Hood: Defender of the Crown" - click the button like mad and watch the enemies throw themselves on your sword.Overall, this could have been a great game. Unfortunately, the poor experience of trying to get anything done draws it down. Single-player action modes are boring, organizing your armies is pointless, and RTS-style clashes are frustrating adventures in cat-herding. Add long load times--even for the DVD-ROM version--and you have a game that's not really worth the current posted price, low as it is.
Perfect in direction and acting. Julia Roberts is incredible here, probably her best performance ever. Many truly humourous and pleasant scenes, which by the end it leads up to a mixure of emotions: crying, laughing and waiting to see what's next... In my opinion, Classical movie and must-have for collectors or cinephiles!
Three years ago my husband and I bought a small French press and used it once. I thought the coffee was pretty good but not worth the hassle, and put the press away. A few months ago I pulled it out again for fun and this time we got hooked. However, it consisted of a glass beaker with a separate metal casing/handle -- a pain to clean and I was worried about breaking it. A few weeks ago I ordered this stainless one and I couldn't be happier. It makes great coffee, looks great on the counter, is practically indestructible, and is easier to clean than the old one. I ordered this size so we'd have enough when guests come over, but I think we'll get a smaller one for the two of us because this one is a bit unwieldy for daily use if you usually only drink one cup each. (You aren't supposed to make extra and let it sit in the press because it will get too strong.)
Great product at first and I only used it about every 3-4 days for 5 weeks, then it broke. The humidifier no longer turns on and I am just barely outside the return window. I'll end up buying another one from a different company.
I have listened to the majority of the CDs in this collection and what a terrific experience it has been. Rob Inglis' voice is absolutely perfect for the story. All the characters come to life from this single narrator. What's more, the songs and poems in the book are sung and read brilliantly. The passage where Aragorn and Legolas sing to the western, southern, and northern winds for the passing of Boromir has been done exceptionaly well.As noted by others, there are some minor word substitutions and differences in the edition being read from but that in no way diminishes this elegant work. The story is timeless, the reading masterful. It's almost as if the Rob Inglis' voice has been tailor made for this type of story. The imagery of the book really comes alive with the reading. One passage sticks in my mind. It's the one where the Fellowship is travelling down Anduin and Legolas steps out of the boat to shoot down the Nazgul and his flying steed. The reading and imagery are so vivid that the entire scene just builds an image in the mind. Few books and readings have achieved such a high level.Undoubtedly others will find their own favorite moments. That's what the combination of literary and narrative masters provides. At the very worse this work will provide hours of enjoyment. No Tolkien fan should be without this exceptional effort.
Great music, lovely visuals, enjoyable to watch with my daughter. This seems a lot more intellectual and cultural than a lot of the other baby/kid DVD's (classier too). My daughter loves these; would make a great gift.
THE COMPLETE RIGGER'S APPRENTICE by Mr. Brion Toss is a no-brainer simple compilation of standard rigging technique. Most of which can be found by reading past editions of old rigging manuals and from the writings of the International Guild of Knot Tyers, or from company product manuals. Nothing new or original has been done in this work; and the 'Compilation' of any subject matter has always been considered a cheap way of getting published.
This is the most beautiful book I've seen on lace but not matter how hard I tried, I could not follow the charts. It is an inspiration but if a beginner tries this, it's a bit of a disappointment.I'll enjoy the book and peruse it and hope that one day I'll understand what they're talking about in their instructions.
The case was advertised as going with the PORTABLE Bose sounddock I purchased when, in fact, it is only for the Bose sounddock. Consequently, it didn't fit and had to be returned. The advertising is wrong on it so look for the PORTABLE Sounddock case if that's the sounddock you buy.
I love movies where the plot centers around work and money. This movie was very entertaining. Michael Keaton was great, as usual - top of his game. The plot was full of twists and turns. The ending was completely different from what I expected---a complete surprise.
I love this product and honestly couldn't live without it. It fit my newborn son perfectly and we still use it for a pre-nursing seat now and my son is a big 5 month old! I would recommend either purchasing a cover for it - I didn't know they had covers until about a week ago - or covering it with a blanket as the lounger is "spot wash only."
This is far and away the best Throwing Muses album since House Tornado, and infinitely more accessible than that thorny masterpiece. The emphasis her is strictly on the music (the vocals are buried deeper than they've ever been), but the quality of the composition and the exhilirating energy of the playing make you perfectly willing to shift your aural focus. Seven of the songs here rank among Kristin's best compositions ever ("Half Blast," "SolarDip," "Epiphany," "Mercury," "Flying," "Civil Disobedience", "Los Flamingos"), with hooks that absolutely drill into your brain after two or three listenings, and Kristin's trademark galvanizing tempo and texture shifts; and the other five range from great to merely very good. Honest to God, the least great song here ("Status Quo", which has a generic KH rant for its second half) is a better piece of music than anything on Hunkpapa besides "Fall Down" and "Santa Claus."Granted, many listeners come to Kristin Hersh for lyrics first, second, and third, as well they should, since there's no one in rock who does overtly poetic lyrics any better. These fans may find this a disappointment, since the lyrics take such a back seat (they're good, understand, but you're not continually startled by brilliant phrases as has usually been the case in the past). Me, I'm astonished that Kristin could shift her focus and make a record that is musically the equal of anything in the history of alt-rock.
This CD is just simply great. I dont know if I have a biast opinion living in the cities and all....anyways, this is a powerful CD from start to finish. I have had this album for a good 2 years ,and I just recently listened to it again for the first time in a while. I was listening trying to figure out how this awesome CD made its way out of my frequent music rotation. This album contains many good elements that overcome the bad. AHC can go from extremely heavy screams to melodic singing which are both pulled off nicely. These guys are in a different league then Slipknot....they dont even compare. If you are a fan of heavy industrial/metal.....pick this up....if you can find it. Otherwise "the feeding" comes out 2/15/2005. Get it. From the couple songs I have heard....its great.
This book, written by a Catholic nun, is a powerful indictment of the death penalty in America. She describes in vivid detail her role as "spiritual adviser" to two death row inmates, and in graphic detail, describes their deaths at the hands of the state.While steadfastly anti-capital punishment (how can we trust a government that screws up so much in other areas in the application of this ultimate punishment?), Sister Prejan does not shy away from discussing her views with the families of the victims, and does not shy away from presenting the families' views to the reader with dignity and respect. She describes how she goes on to form both an abolitionist and victims' rights group in Louisana. She also goes on to point out how much more costly it is to execute someone than to put them in jail for life with no possibility of parole.It's difficult to imagine how one could expect forgiveness for people who have brutally murdered people. Sister Prejan does not lecture, it seems even she does not expect this to be possible for most. She does, however, put the thought in the reader's mind - how can one advocate abandoning our humanity to fall to the level of the killer, while at the same time showing their humanity back to us. Sad and disturbing, but one of the most important works on the subject ever published. Strongly recommended.
Even in mid 2005 the Nikon Coolpix 5000 is a remarkable digital camera. In skilled hands this camera can produce results that rival even today's best professional digital cameras.I've made several 16x20 prints from images taken with the Coolpix 5000 that look AMAZING. If you add the available wide angle lens to this camera you can get a fabulous 19mm wide angle lens!!! Nikon even offers an amazing fisheye lens for this camera.Like any digital camera (or film camera for that matter) this camera has its flaws and limits. Even though it's capable of producing excellent images, it's a slow camera. So, if speed is important to you this camera is not a great choice. Likewise, some of the controls are burried in the menu system and this camera is really designed for EXPERIENCED photographers ... most "point-and-shoot" photographers have a very hard time using this camera.There are newer cameras on the market ... but the Coolpix 5000 can still compete with the best of them. If you want a good digital camera capable of super-wide-angle photography, the Coolpix 5000 and the available wide angle lens is the BEST buy on the market today. As of July 2005 you can buy this camera and the available wide angle lens in excellent used condition for less than the price of most new point-and-shoot digitals that deliver WORSE image quality.
I bought this from another vendor for $30 less than amazon, but would probably have been better off not buying anything at all. I could not get WinXP to recognize the drive on an IBM T41 laptop. This laptop has a USB 1.0 connection, but it should still work, just slowly.It works perfectly on my Win2K desktop, but the purpose of buying this was to allow me to back up my laptop... I haven't been able to get in touch with customer support, so I'm not really a very satisfied customer.
cannot agree more with the reviewers who said Ms. Church, while possessing a pretty voice (it certainly gets attention), should not be singing opera. Whatever Charlotte does in the future, and her life is literally still ahead of her, professional opera shouldn't be one of them. or if she really insists, she must come to grips with the reality that she won't make a great soprano. maybe she won't even be one when she finally grows up. her voice is good, but her singing technique, for the music, is flawed and is ruining her faster than she realizes.
A multifaceted study of preconception and prejudice in Los Angeles. The performances are quite well done, and enhance a really very good storyline. I was deeply impressed with the even-handedness of the depictions of biases on ALL sides.Would I have given it the Oscar? Well, truthfully I might not have, but even so admitting that I take no issue with the fact that it was. In a lot of years, Crash would have been head and shoulders above the others. This year saw several excellent films, almost any of which could have legitimately have won for Best Picture.
I took a chance on this movie due to all of its good reviews and its star rating. After watching the trailer, I wasn't sure if I'd like it (but thought I'd take a chance anyway because of the reviews/rating).Well, if you think the trailer is kind of silly, then there is a lot more where that came from...the entire movie is like that. Silly, happy-go-lucky, always smiles, always laughter, impossible "happy" circumstances, silly talk, and more happy happy.Oh yes, it's 1939 and World War II is underway. But never mind that...just more happy happy. It even shows Jewish people taken by train to a camp...shows them wearing black/white striped clothing...but even then...more happy happy.After 15 minutes, I increased the speed of my DVD player to hurry-up the movie (still able to listen to the audio). After 30 minutes, I started to fast forward into the movie to see if it would get serious at all. Nope. At 1 hour into the movie (at the happy happy Jewish camp scene), I decided to turn it off.Maybe this movie is your cup of tea, but it is not for me. I did not find it cute, happy, or entertaining. It's just silliness. Given the era and what was occurring in history at that time, I thought the movie was insulting. I would not classify this movie as a war/military drama (although some websites do).Prior to renting (or buying it), I encourage you to watch the trailers (you can find 2 on youtube by searching for 64ZoO7oiN0s and 16RZHqCIy9M); and you can probably find trailers elsewhere on the internet too.The default spoken language is Italian with English subtitles, but you can change the DVD settings to spoken English.To see some of my favorite military/war DVDs, click on my name, then click on "Listmania! Lists".
If you're familiar, even in passing, with Christopher's Hampton's stage play Les Liaisons Dangereuses (based on the 18th century novel by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos) or its subsequent (and very popular) film incarnation, Dangerous Liaisons starring the insanely brilliant Glenn Close as the black hearted Marquise de Merteuil and, in my opinion, the miscast John Malkovich as the lascivious and callous bon-vivant, Vicomte de Valmont than you can easily forego seeing this rather inept and not surprisingly insipid modernization and blithely go about your business. Something has definitely been lost in translation and it extends far beyond period costumes and Bach's keyboard concertos. Though a teenager's ability to descend the depths of cruelty is well known and documented, rarely is it of the sophisticated and viciously calculated variety, such as is the case here. Furthermore, we're not dealing with pawns that live within the sheltered environs and cloistered walls of 18th century France, but rather modern adolescents living rather privileged existences in one of the world's most modern and sophisticated cities, New York. They're hardly as gullible as pious 15 year old girls reared in convents. Pulling the wool over their collective eyes is going to take considerable effort not to mention near Machiavellian craftiness. In this retelling, both the plot and characters reek of artifice and you don't know whether to laugh or take the film seriously. It has nothing to do with the performances but rather with everything leading up to them, primarily a script that aches to be modern, yet is often times burdened with some stilted and archaic dialogue as if it's trying to hearken back to and somehow channel its original source. I mean, how many 16 year olds nowadays do you know of that write actual letters? I don't mean emails or text messages, I mean physical letters? In short, the film, more often than not, suffers from an identity crisis. The actors were more than decent and they did their best considering the material they were given and the soundtrack isn't at all bad, either. In closing, the movie is hardly dreadful and it can be rather entertaining but, again, if you're familiar with the 1988 Stephen Frears' film or to a lesser extent Milos Forman's Valmont of a few years later, you'll find yourself squinting through Cruel Intentions, vainly and understandably searching for remnants of either film and their respective characters and will be left feeling somewhat frustrated by the exercise.
This is a great book as far as why it's important to cleanse yourself BUT the whole downfall to this book is that it does not give you any recipes for cleansing. It tells you all the herbs you should use but doesn't tell you the amounts, how long or details for the cleansing. There is no phone number or website or doesn't mention anywhere to purchase the cleansing kit it talks about. After long research, apparently Mr. Anderson has a company "Arise and Shine Herbal Products." Although the company offers various cleansing programs, I can't afford them. So after buying the book and getting excited about doing his mentioned cleanse, you have to search online for someone else who offers cleanses. I purchased the nine day cleansing kit from Blessed Herbs for approx. $100. I am on my eighth day of the cleanse and it has done everything it promised with an all liquid diet. I did the best option to get the full effect of the cleansing kit. It's an amazing experience and has definitely made me re-think my eating habits.
As several people have said, these things are cheap in about every way they possibly could be. The case is cheap, the instructions are cheap (and not even in English in my case), and the device is cheap.It was fully functional the first time I used it, but the second time it had already failed. The LED for wire number eight would no longer illuminate, on both ends. For awhile I thought maybe my cables were bad so I kept cutting off the connector, trying again, same problem. Ugh.Wire 8 isn't used for anything in Ethernet so I just shrugged it off eventually and kept going. The next time I used it, this time for ethernet drops in the wall, LED number 6 wouldn't work anymore, again on both sides. After redoing both the patch panel and the socket side multiple times I decided to test a store bought, known good cable. Low and behold the device was broken, not my wiring./sighI should of done that sooner, but oh well.The device is really cheap, but then its function is extremely simple. There is nothing in it electronic wise that costs any amount of money, the plastic housing costs more than the electronics. I would take anything it says with a grain of salt. If you see a light not working, test a known good cable before doubting your freshly made cable.
Hardcore Ramones fans have been known to disregard this album as a transparent effort to gain mainstream fans - an experiment they feel largely failed. But Pleasant Dreams, taken by itself, actually turns out to be a fabulous pop-punk record, and maybe their most consistent set of songs since their very earliest days.Pleasant Dreams uses nicely-textured guitars, outstanding melodies, and amusing lyrics to make the kind of record you can listen to again and again. It may not have the soaring guitars of Too Tough to Die, but prospective fans might find this a good entree into the boys' peak '80s output.
I gave this book 2 stars because the first story was somewhat interesting with the 2 sisters, the dragon, the magic and the fantasy part. The second was not much fantasy and the sex scenes were really out there. Machines!! I liked the characters well enough. There weren't many. I skipped a lot in the second book just to get to the plot and end reading this book. I would not recommend this to anyone. There are to many erotica books that are written much better than this one.
This is a very good CD of late Carlos Di Sarli, a classic CD in its time, but:- you can get the same CD on "Solo Tango" without paying a big price for this out-of-print CD- the Di Sarli CD in the series "RCA Victor 100 A&ntilde;os" is even better because it's transferred from the original master
If you love the music of Jeff Lynne in ELO, you will LOVE this CD. I am a very picky fan of The Beatles and Jeff, and this CD has been a constant in my player since its release. "Blown Away" is a fantastic song, and sums up the "Armchair Theatre" experience for me...gawd, I love Jeffy....
I love to read this author (and Douglas Preston's) books! They are always exciting, always edge of your chair and always in a unique setting! Both are wonderful authors and I always read their books way too fast and are disappointed to see them end! My absolute favorite though (of Lincoln Child's) is Utopia. Read it!
&quot;We have found out ...that we cannot trust some people who are nonconformists. We will make conformists out of them in a hurry...The organization cannot trust the individual; the individual must trust the organization.&quot; Ray Kroc, quoted p. 5.&quot;Whoso would be a man must be a non-conformist.&quot; R.W. Emerson, Self-RelianceEric Schlosser shows that little has changed in the meatpacking business since Upton Sinclair wrote The Jungle in 1905. Indeed things have gotten worse.The book is very easy to read. If you don't already know what's in the meat, this book will tell you that very clearly. I would not call Schlosser a muckraker so much as a consumer advocate. In an area where the meatpackers exercise such incredible control of their own QC processes, logs, inspections, government regulation and press, the public needs to know what it's eating.Schlosser's not saying don't eat meat or fast food. He is saying, &quot;think about where the food came from, about how and where it was made, about what is set in motion by every single fast food purchase, the ripple effect near and far, think about it. Then place your order. Or turn and walk out the door.&quot;It's your money and your health. It's your choice. But once you see the larger picture and how the fast food chain works, you can make an informed choice. And maybe save your life.
The nightmares for Ryan have been accelerating as of late. The same recurring nightmares that have corrupted his sleep ever since his sister turned up missing several years ago. Nightmares similar to his sister's experiences prior to her disappearance after playing "Bloody Mary" at the bathroom window in their childhood home. Nightmares that may or may not have to do with the recent unearthing of a person's bones buried underneath the local church, with the remains dating back to the late 17th century. Hmmm, around the same time Mary Worth was deemed a witch for carrying Satan's child in her womb and dealt with the nightmare of slow execution. Dare I use the word "nightmare(s)" in every sentence of this review? Do you dare to guess the one word that could best describe what I think of the film? Well...close, but no. I was thinking "ho-hum". This low budget, straight to DVD affair is an ok effort story wise, but is bone dry in the appeal department. Beware not of mirrors used as portals, but of background music overkill (even an old school music video montage scene!) in an attempt to dilute the boredom. 4/10
Made me want to watch this again and again. I really enjoyed this movie.
I bought this press a few months ago and have been using it ever since. I'll never go back to the drip coffee maker. The quality of the coffee is way better in the press. The natural oils in the coffee are not filtered out like they are with the paper filters in the drip coffee makers. I was impressed by the design and quality of the Bodum press. You can buy a much cheaper version at Ikea, but the quality is not quite as good.Buy this - you will not be disappointed.
Prior to buying Takk I hadn't listened to Sigur Ros in a good year. Let's face it; the two previous albums (especially the untitled album) were very dramatic and emotionally draining. The music worked for me when I was feeling down, or a little dramatic. Times change, and people do too-I did, and in that process I lost my love for a truly spectacular band.With that said, let me tell you about Takk. This album is softer, sweeter, and quieter. There is more attention to detail, and less is focused on the noise factor. The reviewer below me must have not heard their old albums, because this is their most quiet piece of music to date.This is the kind of music you listen to before photographing your children building their first snowman, or you riding the bus on a foggy morning in a rural town to school. It's an appreciation for the little things, and this comes through in the music as you grow to see that each note is of equal importance to the ones before it.While ( ) and AB before it led is into a dramatic world of Icelandic culture searching for beauty in their simple way of life, Takk shows us the exactly how to get there, and how beautiful it can be. The sheer subtle beauty within every Icelandic whisper can penetrate even the most jaded of ears.I cannot recommend it higher. In my 2005 top 5.
Knife in the Water, Roman Polanski's first film (1962), is widely considered to be one of the two greatest directorial debuts in film history next to Citizen Kane.An alpha male and his young, voluptuous wife pick up a hitchhiker and invite him for a day of sailing. The two roosters spend the following day and night posturing for the attention of the sumptuous female. A challenging premise for a 94 minute film? Most assuredly but Polanski pulls it off nicely. Leon Niemczyk is superb as the cocksure Andrezej. Jolanta Umecka, in her film debut, is tantalizing as the sexually ripe Krystyna. Zygmunt Malanowicz gives a decent performance as the unsure, young drifter. Not satisfied with Malanowicz's voice, Polanski ended up dubbing over it with his own. Polish jazz legend Krzysztof Komeda's score was cool at the time but rankles today. Jerzy Lipman's cinematography is outstanding. This edition has some great bonus features including several early Polanski shorts.
I didn't quite know what to expect from this book, I read the backcover quickly and thought I was in for a stereotyped relationship between Southern girl and black guy, and a difficult family. This book is so much more than that. Lena is a great heroine, and we embark with her on a story where she revisits and tries to make sense of her past and how she came to make some difficult decisions. We peel back the layers to understand the role of family, redemption, forgiveness, and how a set of circumstances can influence and impact Lena's and her family's life to such an extent.This is a splendid story. Joshilyn Jackson is one very talented writer and I definitely look forward to reading more from her soon. Very very highly recommended.
don't you people get it? JRRT wrote Lord of the Rings (LOTR) as ONE long mythos that can't be separated. it isn't "trilogy". *sigh* these people just simply don't get the back stories. it was during the two great wars (the world wars that is) JRRT tried to get LOTR published. paper was very expensive back then and it was near impossible. the publisher (unwin) had to break it up into 3 separate sections. JRRT wanted to see the books published while he was still alive therefore he agreed to it and titled the 3 sections. originally he wanted to divide the long tale up into 6 books. that's why you see book1-6 numbered throuhgout LOTR. he originally had titles for them (i think they may yet to be found in the history of middle earth books). if ya wanted to break up the books at least say SIX books man but TRILOGY? jeeze man this isn't star wars. and star wars itself is a trilogy no longer. secretly within JRRT's heart he wanted it to be published as one big book. just read the prologue to LOTR. he infers it in there. that's why this leatherette collector's edition is awesome. it doesn't "dumb" down and split the tale into 3 separate books. read it as ONE book. the one book that that rules them all.
This was a great DVD. It compiles alot of Wu-Tang's popular videos and it has some great interviews and footage from a '94 performance. There's alot more videos that we need to see on future DVD's (all their solo videos). I hope they are planning to release all of them. I remmember "All I Need" and "Brooklyn Zoo" being two of there most popular videos in terms of how much they were played on TV. Regardless, this is good DVD to have and it's at a great affordable price.
they just don't make movies like this anymore - great story - well done - great actors - you will love it - we watch few disks almost every night before going to bed,,,just love it
I just got finished watching Conquest of Space while eating my one meal of the day. I've got to tell you, it brought back old memories of the fifties and sixties movies where you have a lot of soldiers and no women.It is a fun movie. There is no doubt who the bad guys are and who the good guys are--there were no bad guys. No, there are no aliens or anything like what we usually see now adays--nary a one. Instead this movie takes a shot at space exploration in the same vein as the Robert A. Heinlein did in his earlier works, hard science (at least for the day).The acting is there, I found really no short comings. An attempt at special effects was made using some logic and physics, and the idea of the movie (going to mars) was/is a great idea.I think Heinlein would have busted a gut at the inaccuracies in the movie but I'm sure he would have liked it. I feel he would have given it a three star rating and maybe one more star for the acting. So I give it five because I'm not as sharp as Heinlein and am a little more easily swayed.Finally, I feel all of you who watch and collect these older science fiction movies will have to get this one--so few of our science fiction movies were done with a serious outlook--those of you who have to have naked women and exploding heads in a movie need not apply.So, to the cast and crew, writer/director of this movie...and all movies like it, and Robert A. Heinlein-for all you did, for all you do-this Buds for you.
You can tell this is well made, it has a good weight to it (not heavy, just substantial) and stands up on its own. The section dividers can be moved to accomodate what you are putting in there. I use it to line up grocery bags, which fit great. It would be even better if it were bigger to hold more.My only criticism is that it is overpriced - almost $60 is just too much. I paid it becuase the other choices had poor reviews and the size of this was closer to what I needed, but it is too pricey for what it is. It lost a star for the price, but just one because it is a really nice organizer. If you are wondering about quality and durability, this has it. Seems like it will last a long time and take a good amount of wear and tear.
The first 1/2 of this book was pretty darn good. I really liked the stories that revolved around the discovery of physics, the new world, etc. Unfortunately these were far too short, and as the book dragged on, the chapters seemed to get longer, the discourses on politics and religion got more prevalent, the characters got more one-dimensional.Frankly, this book comes grinding to and stuttering halt. Such a shame too, great premise and good start. Avoid it.
I am an independant. Each election, I carefully review the FACTS before I select my candidate.Coulter does not come close to presenting real facts. She is basically - rhetoric, false conclusions and half-truths.Did Bill Clinton lie about his affair? Yes.Are politicians always honest? No.We all understand this, but Anne does not care about right/wrong. She just wants to divide rather than unite.When I first read her books and started seeing her on tv, I listened with no bias. But when she started manipulating statistics, facts, historical events recorded by newspapers and tv...I knew she was just as much a liar and fact manipulator as Bill O'Reilly was!One minor example of her lies on national tv - she claims that gun crime has gone down during the Bush administration. She said it was something like 14% during Clinton's time and dropped to 8% once Bush was in office. lol Yet, she quotes her stats from the Wall St. Journal which gave the time frame of 1993-2001.In 1993, Clinton was just getting into office and was just leaving in 2001!! lol And the real numbers as quoted by the WSJ are from the Dept. of Justice are 12% in 1993 to 9% in 2001. Since Bush took office, gun crime rates have risen again!Oh happy day. Anne Coulter scores big points for the belief that blondes truly are dumb!
Reading this followed my first reading of Kierkegaard's "The Sickness Unto Death" and a re-read of "The Lord of the Rings", so I was in something of a unique frame of mind.To be fair, I'm already persuaded; what this book provides is the language and the process of reasoning for me to better understand and explain my own position. I wouldn't hesitate to include it in a library with Chesterton's "Orthodoxy" or Lewis's "Mere Christianity". It's clearly written, well argued, and accessible. Other reviews have detailed more of the content and the arguments made, so I won't summarize. I'll simply add my endorsement, for what it's worth.
I love most of her books, but what was up with this one. I know; it was one of her earlier ones....but still. This started off ok. But, the guy is old enough to be her grandad. He also, is a fool and a raper. Unless you want to read a sad book that breaks a strong willed women who gets ruined by her hero then by all means read this said story. It is entertaining, yet you want to throw the book, or flush it down a toilet once your done it. I have this to say to Conn- boys can be boys, men can't
I have read many of the cook books recently, and i read COMA as one of the last one. I enjoyed the reading thoroughly, and as the Biomedical resercher i could follow all the medical terms used. (which I can understand may the other readers who is not in science may find difficult to appreciate and follow). The plot of cook book is always novel and engrossing. As the first of the books cook had made many mistakes in this book.1. It was unbeleivable that on seeing the two cases of coma susan gets too much upset as the only third year medical student, it was unwarranted, I could have accepted this if the NY medical examiner office Laurie and Jack ( the charecters of other cook books)does this as they are more mature and experienced. On the top of it the gang beats her up to much early to let susan confirm that there is really something sinister!2. Writing style is terrible as some places, like Bellows, Bellows Bellows all over!!!3. Factual error, at one place Susan gets up at 9 am and then ater alomst 2 hrs time it is still just after 10 am when she reaches Bostom Memorial!4. Even after seeing that susan was beaten-up bellows lets her go casually alone which is difficult to digest as no one in real life will take the beating so lightly.5. After escaping out from the Jefferson the natural thing to do for Susan was to go to police as any normal person will do, her not going to authority immediately was to just add spice in the book by COOK.--However over all this book is very enriching and enjoyable to read and it is nice to know the medical profession from the insider, Thank you Dr. Cook for this insight.
I am a person who has to dress in a suit due to relentless criticism of my boss when I attempt to dress casually -- in an environment which is generally suit-optional.Also I get irritated when my wife tries to make me look better by buying new clothes when I love the sweaters with holes in them and the clothes that I feel comfortable in -- which get ratty because I feel comfortable in them.This books overcomes all of that. The writer is both hilarious and sincere in every single sentence. Generally for me reading about fashion is like watching paint dry, but in this case, the book reads like a novel and it's just a tremendously enjoyable read.I also agree with everything he has to say -- I'm 50 years old and work in a technical area in finance, so I'm on both sides of the straddle between the Google look and the investment banker look -- and really, in suits for a banking or executive environment, almost nothing has changed in the last 50 years. Take out the pocketwatch, the hat, the vest and the handkerchief, and the rest is the same -- a pinstripe suit and black wingtips and a white shirt and you're done. (Modulo all the details of fitting that he goes through that I don't know if I'd bother -- my ideal is Ralph Lauren Suit Separates from Macy's and a Club Room shirt and tie.)
So, to be fair, this music isn't TERRIBLE, but it's definitely not very good either. The songs aren't very melodic and seem to just trudge on through the lyrics. The songs are pedestrian and predictable, and while the cast (who all sound very much alike) makes their way through them well enough, they just aren't memorable or interesting. You just know there's going to be some brooding lyric that tries really hard to be poetic and dramatic, and then there's going to be some kind of build at the end and a really long high note at the end. Meh. There seem to be a lot of instances of the words "passion," "evil within," "gaze" rhyming with "blaze" and other such expected lyrics. It's just not great songwriting, and I really don't see it making its way to success on the Great White Way. It sounds like one long song cut into several short tracks, rather than a cohesive series of coherent and unique songs. The songs that actually stand out sound a little like rip-offs of other composers (see below).Having recently been introduced to both this version as well as the concept recordings of Wildhorn's version, it's hard not to make comparisons. Wildhorn's music might sound a little more contemporary, but the story moves along better and there's more variety and better pacing to the score. To take something like Dracula and turn it into a musical seems like an ambitious and daunting (and unnecessary?) undertaking, and I believe it can be done, but this is not it.
I had purchase this product for my wife, she only used it once said that the work out was to hard for her. That the instructor's in the movie were going to fast, so her review she would rate this a 2 out of 2. the only good thing is that it arrived on time.
i didn't really think much of it when the movie started, i was thinking it was like a big screen sopranos.. but i got more into the story as it was getting very good... I love Frank Vincent and he is great in every movie i've ever seen him in. Like the other reviewer said, it doesn't have the strength of say "Casino" or "Goodfellas" but it does still hold you. And when I say that this is a movie where you can root for the bad guy, i don't mean Vincent's characters enemies, i mean Frank Vincent's character... Out of all the bad guys in this movie, Frank Vincent plays an aging hitman. I was rooting for him when watching it. I don't want to give anything away in my review. But this is def a must watch, must own movie. I first rented it from Redbox for $1.00, now I want to buy it.Great movie, you won't be disappointed if you are a fan of Frank Vincent, The Sopranos, or mafia style movies.
I've been a Danny Elfman fan every since Pee-Wee's Big Adventure. Not only did I absolutely LOVE the movie, but Elfman's score added so much to the film.I really would have desired the music to be in movie order (instead of the catchy kid's tunes first). Danny does a wonderful job of different style for each kids song, August Gloop, Violet Beauregard, Veruca Salt, and Mike Teavee. Veruca's song being my fav of the 4.I highly recommend this CD to anyone, even a newbie to Danny's Elfmans world.
Because if you do, then for God's sake, do not play this game.I have never been more addicted to a video game, I have never cared so much about the characters, I have never loved a storyline so much, as I do for Final Fantasy VII. Yes, PS2 and XBox might have better graphics, but on the whole, the storyline, the weapons you can get, and the cinematic sequences, make this just too good to miss. The only people who probably don't like it are people who haven't played it all the way through (It takes about... 60 hours, if you explore the whole world).Pros: One of the best bad guys EVER.Great characters.Great story.Magic is way neato.Music is actually pretty cool.Cons: Depriving your family of your presence for extended periods of time.This is the best video game I've ever played.
If you aren't prepared to read satire about Christmas, do not read this book. Also, don't read this book if you haven't read two of the earlier books in the Discworld Death series (Mort and Reaper Man) and possibly Soul Music as the story will lose a lot of impact if you are not familiar with the characters. However, if you do want a to read a satire of Christmas and have read the books mentioned above, then you will find Hogfather to be a Terry Pratchett classic. Be prepared to find the assassin Teatime totally repulsive (although you have to admire someone who likes their work) and to cheer the hero Susan. I couldn't help feeling, however, that there were a lot of references to the British way of celebrating Christmas that I didn't get. Nonetheless Hogfather was well worth the read.
I obtained this book after reading the stellar reviews on this page. I liked their descriptions of the unusually smart herioine and story telling. I looked forward to well developed plots and characterizations.I was very disappointed. The story telling is adequate, but certainly nothing I had not read before. While there are some slight plot variations, the nuts and bolts of this story is not so different from Joanna Lindsey's Captive of My Desire. Less sex and a more considerate hero(no implications of force here), it is essenstially the story of a couple who came together after the hero was kidnapped and held captive because of (spoiler) mistaken identify. An act which the hero reciprocates by kidnapping the heroine, stripping her of her former status on the way to falling in love with her.I thought it interesting that another review mentioned that the heroine here was prideful, but made it through the book without once sticking out her chin. She and I must have read differnt books because this heroine did indeed stick out her chin. Quit a bit. Ususally just before doing something very silly.I could go one, but I think I have made my point. Ths book did not work for me and I cannot recommend it.
This was very easy to install. Just pop it into appropriate slot, screw it in, and install the drivers. WOOT! Too much runs on USB these days and most machines do not have the space for all of your USB goodies. This solved my problems. It is hard wired in so no worries about conflicts between devices running at the same time. Do not be afraid of this card. Get it. You will have no problems.
i'm an avid phish fan, and seeing these talented musicians split up after 21 years is heartbreaking but is for the best. their 12th studio ablum has to be their finest work since the release of their career making billy breathes back in 1996. the album starts out with a mellow yet short introduction tune, then quickly changes themes into the highly energetic undermind. the definate standout track is the connection. just over 2 minutes, the song has a hummable tune and rhythm to it and one of the best written songs that lyricist tom marshall has ever come up with. another stand out track is army of one. page mcconnell takes the mic instead of regular front man trey anastasio and sings a sweet tune full of piano hooks and guitar riffs. in a way, it almost sounds like a lost beatles song, but that's just me. some of my other favorites are crowd control, nothing, access me, scents and subtle sounds, and secret smile.even if you're not a fan of the group, or even a fan of the genre of music, i highly reccommend you give this album a listen. i completely agree with rolling stone. they really are going out in style.
My first Christopher Moore novel BLOODSUCKING FIENDS: A LOVE STORY delights, enthralls, and heartily amuses in tearful fits of laughter, all in the context of a vampire love story spun into a hysterical parody. BLOODSUCKING FIENDS sucks you right in, and even during the slower mid-to-late portions of the novel, I couldn't put the book down. I absolutely loved the contemporary western prose replete with references to American movies, writers and products, I was enchanted by all of the characters, I enjoyed the San Francisco backdrop, and I was charmed by the love story itself. Nothing special in the plot, Christopher Moore writes to his strengths: absolutely relentless humor and a satirical parody of sorts. This book had me laughing out loud at various places as Moore relentlessly packs every paragraph with his offbeat, quirky humor. The book contains adult language and at times some violence (thought nothing too bad).Reading Christopher Moore was like being a kid in a candy store.The Story.BLOODSUCKING FIENDS features 26 year-old, "cute-but-not-beautiful," green-eyed, red-haired, Transamerica employee Jody Stroud breaking free from her shell of insecurities and fears. Jody can't seem to live without a man in her life and attracts the worst kind of handsome, hunky jerks who exploit her sweet, passive nature. She's lived with so many guys over the years, she's lost count.As the story begins, Jody is meekly walking home to her latest, hunky jerk of a boyfriend, Kurt. After she's suddenly attacked in a dark San Francisco alley, she wakes up the night after with heightened senses, a bunch of money and a wry retaliatory disposition, the vampire predator in her finally fighting back. Jody rebels, she rebels against people walking all over her, she rebels against her jerk of a boyfriend and knocks him out to suck some blood, and her survival instincts kick in as she seeks dark shelter from sunup to sundown. We're treated to the fun superhuman intricacies that go along with learning to cope with your new Vampire-self. Jody kicks some serious butt and the book rises above the hangover a lot romance novels have over insecurities in appearance. But then again, this isn't exactly a romance novel as much as it is Christopher Moore's hilarious parody on vampire love."[Jody] thought, There must be a hundred thousand dollars here. A man attacked me, choked me, bit my neck, burned my hand, then stuffed my shirt full of money and put a dumpster on me and now I can see heat and hear fog. I've won Satan's lottery."Meanwhile, C. Thomas Flood's family and friends ostracized him from his home in Indiana for trying to make it as a writer and being a bit on the sensitive side. Tommy doesn't exactly fit in with stereotypical hickville consisting of bowling, beer and rampant sex. After his car burns down from the drive to San Francisco, Tommy now needs a place to stay and a job to support his potential writing career. A comical, older homeless man known as "The Emperor of San Francisco" suggests a Safeway store for Tommy's job. By the way, the Emperor and his dogs, Bummer and Lazarus that he affectionately refers to as his "troops," are in some ways the heart of the novel. The Emperor rocks!Tommy meets Jody meet and things progress. Despite growing closer intimately, both still feel lonely since they're not like each other (one's a vampire, the other a human), and a younger Tommy constantly laments, "You're going to break my heart, aren't you." Jody answers, "Irreparably."Jody and Tommy experiment over the fact vs. fiction of vampire culture. The exchanges are funny and I thought Moore handled the interchanges between a younger Tommy and an older Jody well. Since he's younger, Tommy does get a bit whiny at times, but he never manages to lose his sense of humor. It's a tumultuous relationship but a funny one nonetheless and Moore gets guys right: horny, sex-crazed beings of lust that can show tremendous love. Thankfully, Moore avoids the endless lovesick introspection romance novelists force upon their heroes' thoughts for their heroines and yet BLOODSUCKING FIENDS: A LOVE STORY still captures our hero Tommy's emotional affection for Jody.Intermingled with this romance, Moore weaves the growing concern over the mysterious deaths of terminally ill people. Our homicide detectives investigating the deaths, the gay-but-rough Cavuto and the serene Cuban/Mexican/Colombian Rivera, make for an intriguing pair in their own right. The older vampire who initially turned Jody seems to be at large, and Jody and Tommy suspect the older vampire. It's funny, some of the interchanges between a feisty Jody and the laughing, older Vampire reminded me of the myriad of hero-and-heroine interactions from romance novels. The hundreds year-old vampire is darker and more mysterious than Tommy and that darker, mysterious quality fits the romance-hero mold much more so than our humble, skinny writer-boy Tommy.In many ways, Jody and Tommy represent Moore's iconoclast figures in love stories.Tommy interrupted, "Actually, there's only one body in the freezer. The other is my girlfriend.""You sick [!#@]." Cavuto drew back as if to hit Tommy.BLOODSUCKING FIENDS: A LOVE STORY had me in a constant state of laughing, chuckling, smiling and anticipating fervor. Good book, the love story itself may not work for some, but I enjoyed that aspect as well.
In concept, this is a great toy. In design, however, it has many flaws. The backdrop piece just does not stay attached! (I actually fun-tacked it to the wall behind where Cloud Kingdom sits in my daughter's playroom.) The Clouds pieces, while very pretty, are just not solid enough to hold up. And be sure to make plenty of space for this toy because it takes up 3 feet of room and does not fold away for storage. My 4-year-old does not seem to mind any of this, though. It really does inspire her imaginative play as she flies her pegasi through the sky!
As everyone knows, Paris Hilton is in this movie, but does she make it better? Thats why so many people wanted to see it. To see how Paris died. But the movie is after all good.It is about a group of six friends who go to Louisiana for a football game. So they camp out in a deserted field. Then they secretly find a city hidden deep in the forest. Little did they know that in the city awaits a killer just dying to turn you into a wax figure. And some of them do, but some escaspe from his torchure.Now, I liked it. This is a movie for horror fans, for so many reasons, gore, cool deaths including Paris Hilton. So I recommend it to everyone.
Is this Gothic...or black...or what kind of music is this you ask? I can't really tell myself but if I have to narrow it down and put it under something I would say it is Gothic Metal.It's funny how I ran across this band. I bought a Mortician CD and was looking threw all the bands they said thanks too. I saw the band Crematory listed in the thanx list. I looked it up on the internet and decided to go out and buy &quot;Act Seven&quot; just for the hell of it. And I was sooooooo mind boggled when I heard it because good gothic metal is hard to find these days.What ever happen to these people? They haven't released anything since 1999 and it upset's me because I would really like to hear some new stuff from them. It's always the good bands that end up breaking up. Like Green Jelly, Obituary and Sacred Reigh.If you are into black metal, gothic or some doom metal buy this piece of gold album. You will not be disappointed!!!15 stars out of 10 starsAlso Check Out:Dimmu Borgir: Death Cult ArmageddonCradle of Filth: MidianArch Enemy: Wages of Sin
This kid is so talented! The way this show was put together, the artist, and Little JJ himself wasn't anything short of spectacular. I had seen him in two movies, but had no idea he was so talented. I'd recommend this to anyone, children or adult.
We are on our second Toasty and are about to order a third. Our tiny kitchen in our tiny bungalow has minimal counter space, and this seems to be the only toaster oven that doesn't gobble up space. It toasts just fine and we see no need for anything more.
I have a hard time believing that this was a novel and not a personal memoir. (Or a biography of a close friend) Some of the events were so off the wall that while I can imagine them happening in real life, I have a hard time believing that someone could make this stuff up.I liked it a great deal. The idea of noting the goings-on from year to year on one's birthday with your dysfunctional family are just precious.Since I have it in my mind that this book is really non-fiction - I would have given it 5 stars save for the year when her Father comes around. I felt like that whole section was a bit more polished than it should have been.
Tanya has made a wonderful CD here to bring her music back to her fans after a five year absence. The wait is over and the reviews are in .... AWESOME CD!!!!!! I could not wait to finally get new Tanya music and when I heard a new single was being released and the new CD on its way the only thing that saved me from going crazy, was that my BEST friend, won an auction on e bay in July of a CD containing the first release from TANYA.. "A Memory Like I'm Gonna Be" and bought it for me.. (THANKS, JEFF!!!)It is a smoldering first single and only served to whet my appetite for more! The CD starts off with a rocker number called "Old Weakness (Coming On Strong)".. you can envision people line dancing at a club along to it and having a GREAT time.. the next two singles slow things down and Tanya's voice is in fine form.. #4 is the lead off single "A Memory Like I'm Gonna Be".. a very good and hot song that has returned Tanya to the top 40 as we speak.. #5 "We Had It All" is a slow reminiscent look back to the beginnings of new love when nothing mattered but love... Track 6 is right now my favorite "I Can Live Without You (But Not Very Long) a mid-tempo song that will be instantly stuck in your head.. The stone country cut on the CD is next at #7.. "I Still Hear Your Voice" it is a country two-stepper with great lyrics and also replays itself later in your mind during the day.. only complaint is it is only 2 and one half minutes long... "Borrowed Wings" with background vocals by Vince Gill is the eighth track and is haunting. Track 9 is the weakest song on the set "1010 Whipporwill Lane" but still a good song.. Get it?.. GREAT CD!!! Track #10 is another sizzler.. "You Shoulda Thought About That"..... rounding out the CD are cuts 11 and 12... these are slow ballads and Tanya nails them both. In a nutshell, this CD delivers again and again. THANKS, TANYA!!!!!!!
I really like this product becuz it's a heck of a lot cheaper than recliner chairs that have power lifts built in (usually $1000 and up), becuz it's relatively light (about 12 lbs) and, therefore, easy to transport, becuz it's easy to clean (you just wash the slip cover and wipe the seat with soapy water), and becuz it's plain and simply handy.Of course, the product works best if used properly and with some common sense. To wit: as it's a "(power) lifting" device, it has to be placed on a flat, level, relatively hard surface or it will not generate the force/leverage to work properly and, indeed, might cause you to slide right off it (I, myself, discarded the cushion that came with my aunt's armchair, cut and placed a piece of plywood on the chair, attached velcro "patches" to the plywood and to the bottom of the Power Seat to ensure that it stays in place, and then just set the Power Seat on the plywood). And, do not use "loose" cushions as they will slide off and maybe become lodged between the seat and bottom part of the device (to increase my aunt's comfort due to the seat's relative "hardness", I covered it with a snugly fitting slip on cover with a built-in layer of thick padding).About the only thing that I didn't like about this model is that the lever that controls the up/down movement of the seat is rather flimsy. As noted by another reviewer, this device really ought to have been provided with a hand-held remote control if for no other reason that the way the lever is positioned - on the side of the seat, close to the front (you're provided with two plastic levers, which you have to "click" into position yourself, and can decide to attach one to either side or both) - will almost guarantee its being accidentally damaged against the armrest of a chair, etc.As to whether or not this device can, in fact, handle its stated 300 lb weight capacity, well, how many products DO actually operate well at their max/min operating specs? (Incidentally, when buying this device, a friend who weighs about 210 lbs tried it out in the store and it worked easily, which is one of the reasons that I took a chance on it). In any event, as this product isn't specifically said to be designed for "larger" people, its dimensions (the seat is just 19 inches deep and 16 inches wide) and lifting power will prob prove problemmatic for such individuals.BTW, I suggest pairing this product up with an EZ UP CHAIR RISER (they're sold here on Amazon for less than $35) for greater security in that one will have something to hold onto while sitting down in/getting up from one's chair.
Complete Adventurer is an awesome book in most respects. It provides the player with a number of interesting classes and prestige classes, awesome feats and a few new weapons and items. Along with Complete Arcane, this is one of my favorite 3.5 titles. I highly recommend it.
1998 UnforgivenApril 26, 1998Greensboro Coliseum ComplexGreensboro, North CarolinaThe Rock, D'Lo Brown, & Mark HenryV.Ken Shamrock, Faarooq, & Steve BlackmanGood opener with Shamrock's team winning. ***WWF European Championship:Triple H (Champion) V. Owen HartVery good match that had a very good ending. Triple H wins with X-Pac's help. ***1/2NWA World Tag Team Championship:Midnight Express (Champions) V. Rock & Roll ExpressGood match that could have been better actually. The "New" Midnight Express wins. **3/4Evening Gown Match:Sable V. LunaLet's go Luna!!, oh sorry, yes...Luna wins and I see two D's in the rating if you know what I mean...DUD...what did you guys think I meant?WWF Tag Team Championship:New Age Outlaws (Champions) V. LOD 2000Good match that was about what I expected. Outlaws win. ***Inferno Match:Undertaker V. Kanevery good match that had fire everywhere. Taker makes Kane burn! ***3/4WWF Championship:Stoen Cold Steve Austin (Champion) V. Dude LoveAwesome match that saw Austin hit vince in the head with a chair! Did he mean it. Probably but Dide Love wins by DQ because of it. Cheap ending. ****1/4Overall a very good show in my opinion with HHH/Owen having a good match again and the Inferno match was fun to watch and the WWF Championship was pretty cool.
I'm not crazy about Aretha's version of "The Weight," but other than that, this is a very strong album. And even on "The Weight," Allman's slide is strong, just in a poor, countrified arrangement that doesn't mesh with Aretha's gospel roots.
This impressive debut CD guarantees that no one will be asking &quot;Who is Jill Scott?&quot; for much longer. A classic mix of jazz, hip-hop, spoken word, and bluesy melodies makes this CD the best in it's genre to be released this year.Comparisions to Erykah Badu and D'Angelo, while accurate, fail to convey the power of Scott's expressive voice which can sound sensual or deeply spiritual on one track and have an innocent childish quality on another.This Philly native's sometimes poetic lyrics are refreshingly honest and unique. Although much of the CD is concerned with love, she brings to the listener that urban female perspective that is just now receving airplay again after a long hiatus.Artists like Scott are redefining soul music for a new generation and proving that one doesn't need a crew of backup dancers, a flashy image or vulgar lyrics to entertain.The CD also contains a few &quot;hidden tracks&quot; that will delight the listener. I highly recommend this disk and can't wait to see her live.Best tracks: &quot;Exclusively&quot;, &quot;A Long Walk&quot;, &quot;Honey Molasses&quot;, and &quot;Love Rain&quot;.
I first heard of this book when Carter himself mentioned it when he was being interviewed by Jon Stewart on The Daily Show. It sounded interesting, because I kind of specialize in early American history, and c'mon this is a novel written by an ex President. But to my disappointment, this book sucked.There's way too many main characters that Carter focuses on. And if there has to be a main character, which would be Ethan Pratt, he's absent for good part of the book. The characters all seem to have the exact same personalities as well and are mostly two dimensional. But each character brings a new conflict, a new side to the Revolution. Like Kindred shows the struggles of Indians, Quash shows the struggles of slavery and Brown shows the struggles of being a loyalist. But with a couple of these characters, they seem to be only token characters in order to show us this side of the story. Because once Carter is done showing us this side of the conflict, we never hear of them again.This book focuses on the American Revolution in the southern colonies like North and South Carolina and Georgia. But again, the main character, Pratt, doesn't even get into the war until long after the Congress declares us a Nation. It probably would have been better if the character would have been involved in the war sooner rather than later. This really could have been written better. Like other reviewers says, it really does read like a text book and sounds like non fiction. Apparently, Carter's actual non-fiction books are good so I don't want to give up on President Carter just yet. But this book was not a good first impression.
I have enjoyed almost all of the Revenloft books, and this one is perhaps the best. Elrod's depiction of Strahd is clever in that it invokes both sympathy and disgust. The master vampire becomes the consummate anti-hero, and the reader is swept into his adventures.
This first release of Director's Label DVDs is a wonderful set. As different as the directors are, they complement each other really well.Michel Gondry's work exudes childlike wonder. The title of the documentary on the disk, "I've Been 12 Forever," is very true. There is an refreshing innocence to his work. The videos never try to be too cool, even though they are brilliant technical works. He uses every available tool of modern filmmaking to create dreamlike worlds that can only exist in the imagination, where reality is playfully skewed into fantasy. A couple examples are how the Chemical Brother's "Let Forever Be" video jumps seamlessly from handheld video to filmed studio dance numbers, and a Kylie Minogue video starts off perfectly normal only to have the cast start multiplying as the song keep going. This recursion shows up in a different, more stylized form in Bjork's "Bachelorette" video. Her videos are a highlight of Gondry's disk, as are the White Stripes videos (including "Fell in Love with a Girl"). Almost all the videos have the feeling of watching a 12-year old's daydreams. Even with all the beautiful women on display, there is little sexuality to the videos, which is keeping with the whole pre-pubescent mentality, a time when our lives seemed full of magic and possibility, and yet was uncomplicated by grown up concerns such as sex, money or power.The next director in the series, Chris Cunningham, is almost the polar opposite of Gondry. His cinematic visions are dark and disturbing manipulations of reality, explorations into the realm of nightmare. The disk a only single-sided DVD, instead of the double sided disks of Jonze and Gondry, but the quality makes up for a lack of quantity and the disk still packs a pretty potent punch. The Aphex Twin videos are really disturbing, especially "Come to Daddy," where a pack of children with the musican's face are running amok in the broken down part of a city. "Windowlicker," bookends this with his face on a bunch of models in a twisted parody of hip hop cliches. Bjork once again is the highlight of the disk, with "All is Full of Love," a very Kubrickian video with Bjork as a robot being built in a factory (the actually video grew out of some preproduction work Cunningham did on Kubrick's version of A.I.) Just as Gondry captured the innocence of childhood, Cunningham captures the dark aspects of adulthood, the scary ways that violence and sexuality are intertwined in the old replitian parts of our brain (which is captured frighteningly well in "Flex"), the sense of decay we feel as our bodies age and fail and our opportunities become more and more limited.Spike Jonze's disk bridges the divide between the other two directors. His disk has a very adolescent feel to it, it seems to embody the gap between child and adult, dream and nightmare. Jonze will take flights of fancy from time to time, such as in the "Weapon of Choice" video and the one by Bjork (who is a common thread that pulls this first set of releases together), but Jonze at the same time is fascinated by unvarnished reality. This shows up in most stongly in the "What's Up Fatlip" video, filmed on handheld video and showing a former rap star stripped of his glamor. The half hour documentary that goes with it on the B side of the disk is wonderful, as Fatlip talks about his fleeting fame and the illusions of the recording industry. You see how he lives now, his modest apartment and you really feel for him as he stands in a Big K parking lot wondering if he'll have to get a normal job sometime soon, now that fame and money has come and gone. Between the daydreams of childhood and the slick illusions we build for ourselves as adults, there is that stage of trying to find the truth about everything as an adolescent, about wanting things to be "real," and Jonze's disk works in some ways represents this stage of life. One other neat bit in his disk is seeing Sophia Copolla, the director of Lost in Translation, doing a intricate gymnastics routine. That video really needs to wind up being shown if she makes a Daily Show appearance around Oscar time...
The more "healthy" snacks I taste, the more leery I become of reviews because 99% don't come anywhere near their not-so-healthy counterparts and most taste like cardboard with chemicals or fruit juice that are supposed to taste like the real thing. I don't know if the people who think they are equivalent are just so into healthy food that all of it is "delicious" to them,(my mom can eat an unflavored rice cake and rave about it - ughh) or if they've never had the equivalent and therefore don't really know the difference, or if they've eaten so many bad "healthy" foods that the slightest decent taste is considered terrific - but most of the time, they are not.Some I'll eat anyway for the sake of a healthy alternative - but do admit they aren't very good and other times it's just not worth spending so much more money for something I have to force myself to eat and hate every minute of it, and even worse it increases the craving for "REAL FOOD" that was made for taste.However, these "naked" chips are actually very good, and chip worthy. I sought them out from my pantry on purpose yesterday. There's a difference between wanting a yummy snack and settling on a healthy one and actually purposely wanting to eat something, and it happens to also be healthier than chips. These are chip worthy in every way. They are salty enough, crunchy enough, and have enough taste for you to want them, and enjoy them and not feel like, now I want a real chip. I was very pleased and very surprised...however, I do not feel the same way about the cinnamon and sugar variety -those are nowhere near what I wanted. I was thinking they would be like a cinnamon and sugar bagel chip but they are not - the pita taste takes over the tiny bit of cinn/sugar on them. Not nearly as sweet as any cinn/sugar product I've had - healthy version or not. I'm trying to force feed myself when I want a sweet, but I think I'll end up giving away the cinn/sugar ones. It actually has more cinnamon and very little sugar which kills any chance of sweet - and again the strong pita taste overwhelms the little bit of taste there actually is present.
Wow!That was the word that came to my mind when I finished reading this book: wow! Usually I am not fond of the use of either first person narrative or present tense in the writing of a book, but in this instance I was willing to make a huge exception. So great is Donna Jo Napoli's writing skill that she not only made both of these narration methods work, but more importantly, she made them work really well--something rarely accomplished by the majority of authors.The thing I liked most about the book was that Ms Napoli totally managed to get inside the psyche of the mermaid Sirena--and did so so perfectly that you'd almost think she must be a mermaid herself! The realism of not only this character, but also the other characters, animals, plants and scenery is amazing. In fact, this book is so utterly believable that you might even find yourself suspecting that the gods, goddesses, nymphs and legendary heroes of Greek mythology who regularly pop up in it really do exist.The plot in this book seems simple--a mermaid must win the love of a mortal man to claim her right to immortality. But in this premise's simplicity is a depth and complexity that astounded me. Either this author was extremely knowledgeable about Greek mythology to begin with (because there's way more stuff in here than you'll ever learn just by watching 'Troy' or 'Clash of the Titans') or she's done her research meticulously. It's kind of like a Greek history/geography lesson, but a million times more fun! You will probably want to set sail for Greece right away, just like I do, to see for yourself the glorious places that this book describes.Sirena herself is a wonderful character whom you can't help but empathise with. She is naive at first, having lived a relatively sheltered life, but she is intelligent and adaptable, and learns quickly even the hardest of lessons that life has to teach (for even immortal life is not without its ups and downs.)If your heart and soul are yearning to read a heartfelt love story, but your brain insists on it being a well-written, believable one with candour and wit, then this beautiful tale is for you. It is listed as a young adult book, which means it is suitable for anyone aged twelve and over, but that recommendation shouldn't put off adult readers, who I'm sure will enjoy it just as much as I did!
Why in all the Star Wars Universe can I not have the original Star Wars Trilogy. You know 1977, "Star Wars", 1980 "The Empire Strikes Back", and 1983 "Return Of The Jedi". Not the "kookie" cartoon versions, but the real thing.I recieved the so called updated versions as a gift and I was beyond disappointed. They remain on my shelf only viewed once, and looked upon with disdain over how three very good movies were so butchered.With the number of fans begging for the "Real Thing", it would seem no one was indeed listening. So I will say this one more time "May we please have the original version only in a Trilogy, not spread out the way they are now being marketed".I guess in a few years we will see the genuine article when someone needs more cash. Shame on you George.
(First of all, this is coming from a huge [Christian] fan of the HP books.) While some of his points do make since, most are not sufficiently explained, and are therefore unbelieveable. Killinger makes a lot of glaring mistakes; for example, he doesn't seem to understand the concept of a dementor other than the fact that it can (can being the main word) suck out one's soul. He also gives quite a few incorrect discriptions of exact events in the books. (An example: He said that Hagrid had turned Vernon Dursley to a pig in Sorcerer's Stone, but he actually gave DUDLEY Dursley a pig's TAIL.) The one crucial point that I think he has actually brought across is the role of good vs. evil in the series.Overall, if you are a person who is looking to see if the series is appropriote for you or your children, buy this book. Otherwise, if you are a fan looking for a good defence of the books, don't waste your time.
I loved this book when I read it. Then I was shocked to discover that the author is a fraud. Please do not buy his book. (He takes the profits for himself, not for his charity; he even takes a lot of the charity's money for himself.) Get a copy from the library and read it; then read "Three Cups of Deceit" by Jon Krakauer. As I read Krakauer's book I became more and more stunned at the audacity of Mortenson. It is clear what the facts are. Read both books and decide for yourself.
Seems the people having the most problems with this are running a Dell laptop or Windows7. I have a ThinkPad T30 running XP. The first issue you need to address is how large of a drive does your bios support? My old laptop can't support drives larger than 150-160GB so I went with a 7200rpm drive, going for speed rather than capacity. The product worked exactly as described with no major issues. Minor issue was that the software did not recognize the USB2 pcmcia card so I was forced to spend 20 hours copying the drive using the built-in USB 1 ports. I did not see a way to run this as a two-step process, so I used the default/EZ method after booting from the CD.After copying the drive, I was able to install the faster clone. WinXP booted easily, asked to reboot once, then it came right up. I ran an exhaustive disk check since the partition size was expanded. Windows kept running the disk check and BSD'd on me a few times before I restarted with last known good configuration and removed the disk check with regedit - all of which I blame on Windows.After wrestling with it for 20 minutes the system is booting fine. It's quite impressive for what it does. Had I needed to do this manually it would have taken days instead of hours. This kit works with a majority of laptops, mostly older non-Dell. I've never met a Dell owner who hasn't encountered an "issue" with their system - so, quit blaming everyone else. "You bought a Dell, dude." - good luck with that.Windows7. Enough said. This is why I was upgrading my WinXP laptop because once it dies I'm replacing it with a MacBook Pro.
This is actually a really great soundtrack. Why don't they put this much work into the soundtracks for movies that don't bomb?Michael Keaton's song, &quot;Have a Little Faith,&quot; is actually really great. Honestly. Who would have thought? I have newfound respect for the man.Jars of Clay's song is actually called &quot;Five Candles (You Were There)&quot; and is excellent. It's from their album &quot;Much Afraid&quot;. I was surprised to see Bob Carlisle on here. He's pretty good.Anyway, this is a surprisingly good soundtrack. I don't care much for the Spice Girls, but I'm actually warming up a but to Hanson now that they aren't popular. :-)I actually recommend this. I doubt anyone will ever buy it anyway. Oh well.If you like this and want to know some other stuff you might like, e-mail me. I really know my music. You tell me what you like, and I'll be able to recommend some stuff you've never heard of, guaranteed, free of charge. :-)
had to have this one forever because i think its the best scifi film ever and a must have for any serious collector.
This worked so well, I can hardly believe it. I'm not entirely sure where the air was leaking in, but this took care of it. The difference was dramatic and immediate. It was east enough to install, and doesn't look too bad, though heating it up enough with a hairdryer in the depth of winter outside was a little tough.
Like most of the other reviewers, I'm a long-time MOO fan. I keep Win98 box around just so I can keep playing MOO2.Do not buy MOO3. All the fun stuff from MOO2 is either missing or buried so deep in the UI that I can't find it. The gameplay is neither compelling nor addictive.Playing MOO3 felt a lot like doing income tax - lots of nicky-picky details you can't ignore, hunting for the right forms to fill out, and sparse documentation telling you to do things that don't look right after you do them.A huge disappointment - save yourself the heartache and do not purchase this product.
We love this product. Large enough for booties, calendars, journal, etc. It is very sturdy, quite attractive, and provides confidence in saving the memories experienced. Can't come up with anything negative.
I have been looking for a crock pot for sime time now and finally decided on this one when it happened to be on sale. I like the programmable timer which lets you set the time in increments of 30 minutes instead of some which just have 4 or 8 hour settings. It automatically switches to the warm setting when your timer runs out. I didn't have the problem that other people did about steam leaking out of the cover. As far as it being hot, it's a crock pot, it's going to be hot. I made a wonderful pot roast the day I bought it and it was wonderful! Could it have been better? Sure, but not in a manner that allowed me to do other things other than babysitting the stove for a long period of time. I really like the added convenience this gives me. I haven't had any problems with it and would definitely recommend this model to other people.
I just finished reading the Tenth Circle - I was really looking forward to this new book, as I'm a great Picoult fan but was really disappointed by her last book (Vanishing Acts).This is the story of Trixie Stone, who recently broke up with her boyfriend, and in trying to get him back at a wild party, she ends up getting back with him, except the next day she accuses him of raping her.I thought Picoult did a fine job of showing how what looked like a united and happy family unravels and is tested by the doubts and actions of its members. Daniel, Trixie's dad, is still coming to terms with his difficult child/teenagehood in Alaska, and her mom puts her mariage in jeopardy by having an affair with a student.I didn't think this was the strongest of Picoult's books, but she does tackle some very current issues such as rape, teenage anxiety/self-mutilation, peer pressure, family, and how to find oneself. I thought the comics parts of the book did add to the story and gave it an interesting perspective. Overall, I would recommend this book.
Okay, first off, I'm 14, so I know I'm supposedly too old for this, but it's really appropriate for all ages, as long as you like fantasy. The whole concept of using owls as characters is very cool and unique, and immediately draws you in. Even once you get used to seeing things from the owl viewpoint, the plot is full of interesting hooks that will make you want to keep reading. The majority of this first book in the series revolves around two owls, Soren and Gylfie, and their escape from a strange stone "orphanage" where they are brainwashed and forced to perform endlessly repetitive tasks. By the end of the book, though, they've escaped and met two more friends, Twilight and Digger. The ending also leaves many questions unanswered, so that you'll read the second book (which is possibly even better than this one). If there is one thing I can criticize about it, it's that the story gets a bit confusing in the middle. You just have to stick with it. Otherwise, it's well-written, intriguing, and a great start to an excellent series.
I have seen this version of Great Expectations on commercial television in Chicago. I saw it twice, shown by different stations. I agree with much of what has been said already; it is good but not inspired as the Lean 1947 version is. I think styles of acting have changed considerably although Jane Wyatt's performance holds up nicely. She is a bit too sweet an Estella but I suspect that is the director's choice, not wanting to make the heroine of this story too unsympathetic. My question is this: both versions I saw were in a 2 hour time slot with commercials added. Neither version showed Miss Havisham's death scene, one of the most famous in all Dickens. Was it left out of this version of the movie or only edited from the televised showings I saw?
The Black Stallion is one of the few movies that children, and adults alike, will be watching for years to come. It's sheer beauty and thrilling plot are timeless! Alec Ramsey is on a ship with his father when he sees a beautiful black stallion is on board as well. Tragity strikes, and the ship is sinking. Alec frees the horse from his stall so he can save him. In return the stallion drags Alec to a desert island where they form a strong bond. A group of fisherman happen upon them and Alec finally gets to go home to his mother, and he gets to keep The Black in his back yard. One morning The Black escapes and finds his way into the hands of a retired jocky named Henry, who helps to train The Black and Alec to race. I will not give away the ending for the few people who may not have seen this masterpiece, but if you haven't seen it you really should. It's not just for children or horse lovers, The Black Stallion is a classic and worth watching!
Although, I would not recommend this book to complete beginners, it can be used successfully to learn the language. This was the required text in my first C++ class, but I had already a good grasp of Java, C and nasm before taking this class.This book is clear and concise. There is no superfluous code in here like inferior books like Deital has: a 3 page program to explain one or two concepts. The code in this book is to the point and shows exactly what it means to in a very clear way. This conciseness allows more information then would be believable in another text of this size. This book covers more then Deitals does in a fraction of the pages, and is more accurate.If you are beginner, chose a compiler and learn the basics of compiling on it, which is easy. Then pick up Accelerated C++ by Keonig and Moo and avoid the crappy for dummies type books put out by authors like Deital and Schildt. After you go through Accelerated C++, pick up this book and The C++ Standard Library by Josuttis. These three books will serve you well, and take you far, and the last two will forever be by your side as long as you write C++ code.
This DVD was very entertaining. It had a lot of energy. Great solo on drums from Shelia E., she was just awesome!!!!!!!!Very funky. They could use less sexuallty, was too much. Otherwise this is a great DVD.Prince was GREAT!!!!
I am writing this review just to set the record straight. This is no bootleg release. It is just from another country and it was released worldwide decades ago as "12 Wasted Years" on VHS. The picture quality and audio are fine, may not be 5.1 or whatever is the current trend to have but this is something that will never see the light of day in America on dvd. So if you want it, you have to get it elsewhere or snag a copy on Amazon. If your are a true Iron Maiden fan, you have already bought this on VHS in the mid-80's, this is just released now on dvd from Brazil I think. Some rare clips and a very good documentary for the time when the band was at it's peak. I recommend the program on dvd or VHS, just don't listen to someone say this is a "waste of money" or some other type of garbage that the band didn't authorize. That statement is pure rubbish. I have been a Maiden fan since Killers and this is a good 90 minute show!
The album showcases ABBAs range from Eagle (clearly influenced by the Hotel California soft rockers) to I'm a Marionette (a superb show tune that wouldn't have disgraced any of the major musical writers). In between, superb songs full of outstanding melodies and matchless production. ABBA were, and are, the best and this album is one of their highpoints
A pretty good DVD overall, good story , great actors, well made, what more can u ask? well, sometimes you get without asking, and a 2 DVD Set is what you get. My reviews are mainly concerned with the disc not the story, i let everyone else do that bit. So, disc 1, the video transfer is as usual a very nice clean effort from Beauna Vista/Miramax, presented in Anamorphic Widescreen at 1.85:1, the original theatre format.Sound is good and clear, a mainly dialogue driven film , but a few surround moments in airports etc help to fill where required.Audio commentary with Don Roos(Director)&amp;Bob Cohen(Prod), kinda dry and lifeless, technical aspects as well as acting choices, and basic plot structure are the focus. Disc 2...OK..now u get 8 scenes from the movie with commentary by Ben,Gwen &amp; Don, this is more entertaining thanks to Bens sense of humour.Gag reel(5.30mins) standard fluffed lines etc,Deleted scenes (14)totaling 45 mins with or without Comm, presented in original form non anamorphic, most dumped during extensive test audience reviews, some would have changed the ultimate feel of the film. 2 features, one a Making of..type doco(22mins) one a more relaxed behind the scenes with Ben &amp; Gwen(22mins). Standard Trailer and a music video. A pretty good damned Special Edition package for a movie that did &quot;so so&quot; at the box office.Id recommend if you loved or even liked you wont be dissapointed.
This is a good show. The guys here are in fine form, and wonderfully down to earth ( versus former member Peter Cetera, whose demeanor during his Salt Lake City DVD struck me as rather cosmopolitan and more than a little condescending )...the mix is great, as is the song selection. Bill Champlin could be one of the best things to have happened to Chicago, as is Tris Imboden ( who wisely doesn't attempt to replicate original drummer Danny Seraphine's parts, yet stays faithful to these classic gems ). If you can get a copy, the other great Chicago concert is the VHS release of Live at the Greek Theater ( 1994 ): it also is an uninterrupted show, but featuring Dewayne Bailey on guitar versus Keith Howland; can't imagine why this concert hasn't been released on DVD. Back on topic, however, this PBS Soundstage show is excellent. Highly recommended.
this wasn't bad. the fights were good, I liked Iliana well enough, but i think the soul mate principal is defintely getting a little old, esp. with the &quot;oh no, i love him but he can't be mine&quot; thing constantly going on. i don't care if that's what she wants to stress, i don't have to like it &amp; i really really do not. but to each their own.
Please, Mr. Clueless below, don't presume to tell us what rock music is or isn't - Rock music "isn't a way of expressing yourself"??!!? It's not anti-authoritarian??!! Are you for REAL?!? Gee, why can't we all be as happy and satisfied as you pretend to be? Why can't we all just sit around and swill six-packs while getting head from our big-haired bimbo girfreind in the neckless t-shirt with Skynard or Dokken blasting from the back of our pickup? I supppose that's what REAL rock and rollers do. Venting frustrations? - THAT has no place in rock!! Using loud music to express dissatisfaction with life and the world? - Who ever HEARD of such a thing?? Bring on the booze, the babes, and the 50$ concert tickets!! I guess everything else is for queers and poseurs, right? Damn, i don't even know why i'm wasting my time responding to your mindless schpiel . . . you don't have the first idea what rocknroll is, and your typing sucks.
Reliably good, like all Berlitz language stuff. This is the best French-to-English-to-French dictionary I've found. It's Ideal for 1st year and second year students, and not too bulky or intimidating for the travelling dictionary user.
This memory card performs as it should - without problems. Although I have heard from other sources that 3rd party (non-Sony) peripherals for the Playstation have lower quality, I haven't noticed any evidence of such from this memory card. The price is competitive and I would recommend this product as an alternative to a Sony-branded memory card.
Pure 80's music. Great soundtrack to a great movie!
I don't understand why the critics always pan the movies I like. I thought it was very romantic. It also helps you learn some Spanish. Diego Luna es muy caliente! I don't think they tried to make it like the original! Watch the bonus features! It's not a remake or anything like that. I haven't even seen the original for so long. Don't compare the two like they're supposed to follow the same pattern or something. Look at both in its own way. I wish I could dance like that.
This is a device you will wonder how you got along without it.. It opens most jars easily. Once and a while there will be a jar it has to struggle to open. When you hear a popping sound the gears are jumping. Just push the switch on and off until the jar opens.My wife loves it. Now she can open jars without me around. I hate having to beat on a lid with a knife until it opens..
but it is far superior to the movie. It's rare when I laugh out loud while reading, but this book did it. It's cute and funny, and moves quickly. The ghost himself is much different from the movie version--more personality and character. I cannot recommend this too highly! An hilarious read, short and fun.
Although this movie improved about three quarters of the way through, I found it a little slow at first. I had a hard time with Ben Affleck in the part of Jack Ryan. He just didn't pull it off, in my opinion. I think I've been spoiled by the great plot and great acting in Fox's show, 24.
You don't listen to this thinking it is a comedy routine. Robin Harris sounds like a friend of the family or in the barber shop crack jokes.
Like other reviewers, this books title is not what is found inside. It seems as though Trump wanted a way to talk about his acheivements. Just another publicity stunt. Frankly, if I would have known...I would not have wasted my money...and valuable time reading this.
I have a ton of succulents in close proximity in a greenhouse. So when there is a bug outbreak, it is like mayhem. I recently had a mealybug infestation and bought a spray. The infestation laughed at the spray and continued growing. I bought some of this and sifted it into the dirt right before watering. Probably 80% of the bugs died off and I had to do a few more treatments. It's still not 100% taken care of, but the plants aren't dying or losing leaves anymore. I'd say it's the best solution out there that I've tried, but it isn't the perfect solution.
This chimney starter works great with the regular Kingsford charcoal and either a wadded piece of paper or the Firestarters that Weber sells separately. My charcoal is ready to go in a little more than 5 minutes. It works so much better than mounding up the charcoal, dousing them with lighter fluid, and then almost lighting your house on fire just to have to relight the charcoal again because the fire went out.
since this book was inexpensive, i bought it hoping that i might glean a few tips from the master, even though i had read a negative review about this book already. save your money! this book (unfortunately) seems to be like a lot of things lefty is putting his name on these days- just a mish-mash, rehash of better days.
This is one of the best albums ever! The songs and lyrics are amazing! I can't say anything you haven't heard from earlier reviews, just keep this in mind: If you don't have it, GET IT!
I first bought Break The Circle and it convinced me to buy Dysfunction also. what can I say, this cd is just as great. This one may have less tracks but that doesn't matter it's great anyway, get it.
I got an advance copy of Ultraviolet DVD and watched all 6 hours over the course of 2 nights. Right off the bat it was very obvious that Ultraviolet is a British production - rather than beating you over the head in the first 15 mins, they give you credit for having a brain and piece things together in a way that really draws you in. The film/series runs 6 hours and the writer/director Joe Ahearne really understands how to set a pace to keep you engaged while moving the story along.Ultraviolet takes a wonderfully fresh and inventive approach towards vampires. I genuinely enjoyed the infusion of technology in relation to vampires - If vampires don't have any reflection, how can they talk over a phone? I also really liked the philosophical approach it took to the subject of vampires: Are vampires really bad? Should they be killed because they are who they are?In the early years of the X-Files I was certainly a fan, but the show really lost me over the years, after watching Ultraviolet I realized why. Rather than hyping up some big conspiracy and never doing anything about it, Ultraviolet creates a complex world where everything isn't black and white but there are very specific 'rules'. Rather than myopically focusing on the world it creates Ultraviolet concentrates on really telling complete stories about the people in that world.Ultraviolet was well acted, well directed and thoroughly enjoyable. I can't remember the last time I spent 6 hours watching something and was more than willing to see more. If Ultraviolet ever became a regular series I'd certainly be a faithful watcher!
You have got to be kidding me. I can't believe that anyone gave this five stars. Her voice is unbelievably poor. I can't listen to this CD because her voice is so incredibly annoying. Whoever said &quot;Wow, she's got a great voice, let's produce an album with her singing all of the material&quot; ought to be thrown out of the music business. This CD is first class rummage sale fodder. A pox on those responsible for this one.
This game doesn't get anywhere NEAR the recognition it deserves.StarFox Adventures is an Action/Adventure game developed by RareWare. It is the first game in the franchise (and the only) to get Fox out of the Arwing.You start the game as a fox girl named Krystal, chasing a flying pirate ship on the back of a Pterodactyl. You attack the pirate ship using a magic ceptre until it slows down enough for you to board it. So as not to spoil much of anything as far as storyline goes, you end up losing your staff and falling to your doom. The story then switches to the perspective of the StarFox team, who receives a distress signal from a place called Dinosaur Planet.The gameplay and game in general is hauntingly similar to The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. For this reason, people tend to shun this game almost instantly as a crappy copy-cat. However, as the saying goes, don't knock it 'til you try it. This game's storyline is engaging, if a little far-fetched. If this bothers you, just think about Super Mario Bros. for a second. You play as a plumber that doubles in height when he eats mushrooms and goes off fighting turtles and mushroom monsters to save Princess Toadstool of the Mushroom Kingdom. Need I say more?The game's UI is strikingly similar to Wind Waker's UI. On the right you have what looks like a smaller version of the button map in Wind Waker and Twilight Princess. The A button is used to attack, and the B-button is used to examine objects. The C-Stick scrolls through your items. On the left is your life gauge, which is red, and has 3 units. The units are divided into quarters. Under that is a meter that shows how much magic your staff has remaining. Sound familiar?One thing that StarFox Adventures does very well is in the graphical department. This game has some of the best graphics ever to grace the GameCube platform, second only to Metroid Prime. It can easily stand up to many present-day games in this area. The environments are simply gorgeous, and the implementation of fur shaders on Fox and some other characters is quite impressive.Don't think that you are stuck on the ground at all times. There are parts of the game where you get back in the arwing. A lot of people don't know this. You can't do it at will, no -- but it's still there, and that should be enough. If all the games in a franchise were alike the other, it would be very boring. Again, using the Mario franchise as an example: Mario Party, Mario Tennis, Mario Kart, New Super Mario Bros, Super Mario Sunshine. ALL of those games are different genres: Party, Sports, Racing, 2D Platform/Co-op, 3rd-person Adventure. As it shows, games don't have to follow those before them to a T for them to be good games. Most people would agree: All of those games are good.I'll admit. This game does have its flaws.* Though most of it is okay, a portion of the animations in this game are TERRIBLE. The item pickup animation is just piteous. The faces aren't very dynamic either, but given the restrictions of a fox's face this is understandable.* The voice acting is bad. Not much more to say.* Combat could be a little better as far as targeting goes (of course this would make it perfectly identical to Zelda so it's probably a good thing that RareWare decided to forgo this)* Aiming for the staff's projectile/magic mode is horrible. If I could change one thing about the game, it'd be this.And a few other nit-picky things like occasional glitches and inconsistencies. If you can just ignore these and play the game for what it is and not what StarFox is normally proported to be, then you will totally love this game.If this game hadn't failed, Miyamoto probably wouldn't be saying things like 'If StarFox 64 3D doesn't sell well, it could mean the end of the Starfox franchise". It's pitiful that people cant see that this game REALLY is good. As I said, the storyline is good, gameplay is fun and challenging, and the graphics are simply breathtaking. Honestly most of RareWare's work wasn't worth it, but this game is definitely worth the play if you aren't too stubborn to try something different.This game would get 5 stars if the things I mentioned were changed. Otherwise, this game is a true gem that deserves a playthrough.
You can probably tell from the title of this review that I like this game quite a bit. If I had just bought a computer and were looking for a first game to purchase, this would definitely be it.Why is this so great? First of all is the price. I paid around $50.00 for the original Civ II some years back. Today, you can get GOLD edition with more options for half that.Secondly, even though Civ II is a strategy game, it is not difficult to get into. The instruction book is very well-written, but the best way to get the hang of it is simply by playing it. There is a tutorial which takes you step-by-step through the playing process.I own some other strategy games, and Civ II is easily the best. It's a whole lot easier to play than a game like Caesar II, and much more enjoyable.Warning: if you buy this, you lose ALL TRACK OF TIME when you play it. It's that addicting. Bravo!
This is hands down the most accurate and most reliable pedometer I have ever used and I have used so many brands! Omron remains in a league of its own. I even use this pedometer for jogging and its accuracy remains impressive. This model has all the loved features in the newer models (112,113,720) plus more but at a far cheaper rate! It has a 7 day memory, fat gram burn, calories, aerobic calories, reset, distance, steps, aerobic steps amongst others. It even has a sensitivity adjustment feature which I love. This feature further reduces chances of overcounting or undercounting depending on your selection. I have had mine for 7 years and even though I lost the battery cover 6 years ago and use tape to cover the battery compartment, its readings remain stellar. I have had it for so long that I am thirsty for something new and want to try a different model, hopefully an even smaller or more slender one. If they also came with this sensitivity adjustment feature, that would really make my day. Whatever the case, I still have this so I am good.
This is the first offical warning: this movie is not for tender soles. Terrible violent films like Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction are likt nothing compared to Payback. Plus this is the first time that Mel Gibson is a real bad guy.The plot: First we meet two very good thieves, Porter (Gibson) and Val Resnick (Henry), who are robbing some Chinese guys. The moment struck where they have to share the booty, and Val makes 3 major mistakes: first he leaves with all the money, second he is sleeping with Porters wife, and third he shoots Porter and leaves him &quot;death&quot; behind. Porter survives the shot and the only thing he wants is revenge. He can't be stopped or be held away from his part of the money...Mel Gibson plays very good and the actress Maria Bello (ER) and actor Kris Kristofferson (Blade) aren't worse either. Payback turned out a breathtaking movie .
I first bought this book when I was just learning how to cook, and found myself often a little overwhelmed. I had expected it to be a little more accessible for the beginner, but it definitely requires at least an intermediate level of cooking technique. Sadly, the book sat gathering dust on my shelf for a couple of years, until I finally threw it out--but now I've become more advanced in my cooking skills and I need to buy it again! It really has everything--appetizing recipes from every part of Asia, including India, and provides a very thorough grounding in the techniques and ingredients of that part of the world. I regret throwing my copy away! Even before I could attempt any of the recipes, I used to page hungrily through the book dreaming about making the fantastic-looking dishes contained within. Definitely a must-have for intermediate-level cooks with a love for Asian cuisine!
So it's a little hard to be consistent when rating a movie, as Siskel and Ebert used to argue. Do you rate it according to whether it's a fine piece of filmmaking, or whether it succeeds in its purpose as just plain old entertainment of a certain sort? I'm going for the latter this time. "Live Free" is a kinetically charged hoot and holler of an action movie. It's action scenes are vivid and real-looking, enough so to keep you tense in your seat much of the time.Bruce Willis is the star, of course, playing laconic Detective John McClane, who during a routine pick-up of a computer geek finds himself in the midst of a plot to disrupt digital America. The criminal mastermind portrays himself as a savior by showing America how vulnerable all of its computer networks are to hacking, by hacking and destroying them himself. And hey, making a few billion himself as payment for services rendered.McClane truly is a die-hard. Nothing kills this guy, no matter how over-the-top the violence is. He survives situations that even Wile E. Coyote would succumb to. But the realism of the action makes it work anyway. McClane nearly meets his match in the bad guy's girl friend, who shows that she can be bashed, mashed, smashed, and repeatedly crashed, and still be a fighting machine. I wouldn't be surprised if she shows up in the next Die Hard movie--a simple SUV landing on top of her and exploding wouldn't be enough to stop this gal. Terminator 3, eat your cyborgic heart out.The plot is pure Hollywood Standard, borrowing heavily in this case from Schwarzenegger's "True Lies." McClane has a daughter who despises him, having a family makes him vulnerable to the forces of evil, and sure enough the daughter is kidnapped, rescued, and now much more enamored of her daddy. McClane even falls onto a fighter jet, just like the bad guy in "True Lies." Pretty standard stuff but spectacularly portrayed.I hope that, for as over-dependent as we are on computers and related technology, we aren't as completely vulnerable to such a thing as the "fire sale" the movie portrays. I didn't find it very reassuring that the good guys had as much access to everything as the bad guys did. At least it was '70s technology that McClane was able to resort to to contact "Warlord" that helped save the day. And naturally, McClane's good old violent ways.
Mr. Craft does a fantastic job in setting a scene without losing the readers interest. His characters are admittedly flawed and that's why so many can relate. I've read all of his books and it was certainly time well spent. Keep up the great work Michael.
I use it for marketing. It is a little unwieldy, almost like the center of gravity is off. Also, it does not zip easily. I sprayed WD40 on the zipper which helped, but it still catches at the ends if you unzip it completely.
This is another awesome book by Francine Rivers that speaks right to your heart. As a Christian, I appreciate how she uses the problems we face in day to day life without taking away from the hurt and pain certain circumstances cause, yet she also shows how our great and mighty Lord can use all things for our good. Sometimes it just takes time before we are able to see or understand how any good can come from where we are and what we're dealing with.
I had a bit of trouble rating this one; I was tempted to give it a three but ultimately was forced to decide on a 2. If Amazon offered a 2 1/2 choice, I would have used it.Don't get me wrong - I didn't dislike this book. It had it's good points but the negatives couldn't allow me to give it a 3 as an average rating. For the positive side of things, this book is massive, pretty, well organized, and written in a simple to understand manner.It's from the staff of Herbs for health, which includes many herbalists that are recommendable such as Christopher Hobbs. The main author of this book is Linda B. White, M.D., followed by Steven Foster. While I commend Ms. White for writing herbals and having an M.D. at the same time - we need more physicians taking alternate healing seriously - I felt the book was a bit too cautious and at time allopathic orientated.Within every condition, there lay herbal recommendations....with prescription drug names and uses. In fact, drug names are listed first :( If this is a book on healing and herbs and natural remedies, why does it have to again share its pedestal? And even worse, be placed second when the book is supposed to be about it in the first place? If this Herbal Drugstore is supposed to be the options to prescriptions and over the counter drugs, then why list them so often in every section with details? At least their side effects are listed, which makes them appear a bit frightening in comparison. For those who really do want to know the name of each prescription drug used to treat asthma, angina, or any other condition, then here you'll find it.Steven Foster was the co-writer for Tyler's honest herbal, which is an oxymoron if I ever heard one. Tyler's honest herbal remains one of the most hated books of the herbal profession, and for good reason. Fosters contribution there may also have been too cautious, although one isn't sure how much he really had to do with it. I am surprised someone who devotes so much time to herbs and even a magazine about them is so overly cautious, but that seems to be the current trend.I did greatly appreciate some sections such as "How Herbs are Regulated" and common herb/drug interactions. The former is an interesting addition that's not seen enough, and was told honestly. There is a great simple reference guide at the beginning in a table where a condition is named, then commonly used drugs, then the herbal alternatives beside them.The section on conditions is extensive enough and does offer more recommendations than herbs, as well as the occassional cool remedy/formula. Many of these seem like decent to good blends, particularly blister balm, Endometriosis Tea, and Swimmer's Ear Drops. Typical dosage is given for each herb, including teas or pills or tinctures, which is welcome.The final half wraps up with very short comments on herbs, basically stating uses without complete sentences as a quick reference to herbs already covered elsewhere in the book. After these are the typical references and resources.Overall this book is not bad but it's just so plain in terms of natural therapy. It's for the basic, basic lay person who only has a passing interest in herbal therapies. Here they're treated almost like little drugs beside other drugs, as alternatives, and no mention really on other herbal uses, as in holistic healing, etc. Diet is mentioned at times, and this is appreciated, but everything is so cautionary as seems to be found with these kinds of books lately.Because of this, it can only be granted a low score. Not enough information per condition, with drugs listed FIRST, then herbs, and not much info on the herbs either. Too cautionary and medical minded to be a highly recommended herbal, but alright for the passerby who just wants to take a look.
Albert Payson Terhune considered himself a hack writer. I believe he was wrong. Although he was popular and wealthy during his lifetime, not a typical &quot;starving artist&quot;, he managed to make the places and characters in his stories absolutely come alive. It is not an easy thing to enable millions of people to know a place or a character fully and even more difficult to make them beloved. Terhune wrote of &quot;The Place&quot; and &quot;Lad&quot; so that his readers felt they had visited the Pompton Lakes, NJ home and met the hero-dog.This book has been continuously in print since it arrived on bookshelves in 1918. By the time readers met Lad, he had been dead for more than a year. But he truly lives on in Terhune's writing. Although Terhune may have believed himself a hack, it takes an artist to breathe life into a story and make it real.This book should not be missed by anyone, especially children, who will learn much from the virtues of Lad and will gain a very special friend for a lifetime.
I'm new to canning. I loaded up two big pots side by side: the Progressive 20 qt. pot with the Progressive reversible rackProgressive International Reversible Stainless Steel Canning Rackat the bottom and a friend's that was slightly smaller with a little tray at the bottom to keep the jars from touching the bottom of the pot. Note that if you load the Progressive rack with 7 pint sized wide-mouthed jars, you need more than the 10.25" diameter of the rack itself. The lids will overhang slightly. My friend's pot - just - fit the rack, but was unable to hold all 7 pint sized wide-mouthed jars. It's a very neat feature that one side of the rack handles pint-sized jars and the other quart-sized.Anyway, the end result: the jars in my friend's pot clustered to one side as they cooked and tended to bang against each other whereas the Progressive rack kept the jars slightly separated and perfectly situated throughout the boiling process. So I really like the rack, but the Progressive pot is unbelievably thin. The bottom flexes in and out and the way the handles are attached look like they're not meant to move the pot with anything in it. The pot has to go back even though the dimensions are perfect, just for safety's sake. Now I'm on a quest for a better quality stainless steel pot that will be wide enough (but not too wide) to fit the Progressive reversible rack loaded with jars, tall enough to cover the jars with an inch or two of water, and includes sturdy riveted or bolted handles. If anybody has found one, please let me know!
This is the first game of the Virtua Tennis series that I have played, but I had heard some good reviews of the game, so I decided to pick it up. It is definitely more of an arcade game that you can pick up and play fairly easily than a more complicated similuation game, which makes it a great game for a portable system like the PSP. You can play it easily enough without much practice and yet there is enough depth to the controls to make it more fun as you continue playing.The career mode is pretty decent. There are lots of mini-games and training games as well as tournaments to enter. My main gripe about the tournaments is the jump in your opponents' skill level from one level to the next. In the first level, your opponents play so badly that you can easily win an entire tournament (3 matches) without losing a single point. Yet when I jumped up to the next level, I was lucky if I could win a game in the first match.One thing I've noticed while playing the game that can get really annoying is the slow down that can occur occasionally. Usually this happens during the mini-games if there are too many things moving around on the screen all at once. It might also occur during doubles matches when there are four players running around instead of just two. But I have had the frame rate drop drastically while simply playing a singles match. I basically lost an entire match because of this once because the game would slow down so much that I would hit the shot button too early and my player would just stand there instead of running to the ball, causing me to lose several points.This negative aside, the game is overall a very satisfying experience. It's a great game for the casual gamer who needs the occasional fix of gaming on the go.
Unlike some spatulas that can separate (top silicone bit comes off) these have held together so far with daily use for the last couple of years that I've owed them. They're good! I even bought a set for my mom, who shockingly didn't have ANY spatulas in her whole house. (That's so wrong!)my only quibble is that the larger spatula is a little too big for me to use very often. It's good for large quantities of thick batter, like when you're scooping batter into mini-loaf pans but otherwise I would like to have another medium-sized spatula. The smaller one is great for getting that last little bit of jam or something out of a narrow jar.
It looks like I'm going to be in the distinct minority here. I had high expectations about this album based on the other reviews, but when I put it on, I was disappointed. The sound is very dated-late 1980s "smooth jazz". There is very little music with any real depth too it--very glossy and over produced. Some of the cuts, those with Herbie Hancock, have a bit more bite to them, but overall the sound is very dated and simply washes by.
"The Question of Equality" boxed set is stylishly packaged and each of the four parts (one VHS tape per part) is a self-contained view of the evolution and modern history of queer identity. In a highly entertaining format we follow the ongoing struggle for equitable (or at least reasonable) treatment by the law - and the struggle for equality in acceptance by family, friends, workmates etc. The video quality on these tapes is superb - and the stereo soundtracks will amaze you especially in Dolby Pro-Logic surround.So much care, energy and informed expertise has gone into making this series that they demand repeat viewings. Tons of valuable archival footage is combined with living treasures speaking from personal experience.Men and women are equally represented - and for a change people of colour are given a strong voice. Queer youth are seldom adequately represented in media, but "Generation Q" deals with their real life & death issues and needs and calls for older queer activists to have the guts to fight in support of queer youth rights (rather than cowering in paranoid fear of paedophilic accusations).The Question Of Equality provides the best quality entertainment while informing and empowering viewers to be proactive in improving their own lives and those of future generations.Just as relevant now (2005) as it was in 1995, and equally relevant to viewers, like myself, outside of the USA.
The Garret Pi series is an overlooked collection. glen Cook is a great writer who should be given a look. the sereis is a cross between LoTR, Raymond Chandler, and lawrence Block
I have tried several different type of rain gauges and find this one the be the old reliable. It is large enough to be seen at t distance, easy to keep clean and accurate. Recommended.
Very bad PC port. Be prepared with a gamepad and some skill at manually mapping it, even then you will still need the keyboard and the movements will be clunky. Very frustrating to get killed due to the controls and not your own lack of skill
The sheer musicianship, not to mention the excellent crooning and detailed lyrics, that Lonnie Johnson is known for, are enough to warrant this disc a five-star rating. Even though "Toothache Blues" is a bit irritating, this is an incredible disc which everyone should own. Honestly, the one essential Lonnie Johnson purchase is the box set of his which I previously reviewed. However, if you can't afford that, you might want to pick this disc up. This is simply unforgettable stuff.
The book is painful, raw and revealing; fraught with tension and emotion. This is a sensitively crafted, solidly researched novel that carries the cold ring of truth about a condition that causes the characters to have to look deep within themselves for strength and courage. Well written and impels the reader to hang on to find out how it ends. This has possibilities for film adaption. Highly recommended read.
This book definately took me back. I believe the storyline was during the same timeframe I grew up in, so I could relate to most of the references made in the book, (Schoolhouse Rock, Fat Albert). It sends a powerful and truthful message about discipline, and results of too little and too much. If you need a quick read to take you back to the summertime cookouts, I recommend this book.
It's about time we had a decent biography of Nikita Khruschev.Khruschev is a more important historical figure than seems generally appreciated today. He was something of a refreshing presence on the dreary world scene of the late 1950s and early 1960s. I remember his American tour, and you couldn't help but find a kind of pleasant and infectious quality in some of his observations and activities. I believe he sincerely wanted to slow or halt the Cold War the same way he diminished the horrors of Stalinism, an historic achievement.Taubman doesn't capture the more idealistic sense of Khruschev, which I believe was genuine, because I was a young man through his time and took an interest in events.Taubman's Khruschev is a bright (Khruschev had considerable analytical ability and a remarkable memory) peasant risen to the top, an extremely crude man, always regretful about his lack of formal education, who never ceases to behave as something of a Father Karamazov. I have no doubt there is truth here, but it provides an incomplete picture.Was Khruschev any cruder than what we now know of the private life of John Kennedy, who had prostitutes swimming in the White House pool while Jackie was away, or of the public Lyndon Johnson, who used to conduct interviews and bark orders while relieving himself? I ask this because Taubman repeats the word crude or offers anecdotes about crude behavior many, many times.Even as a young man I thought many of Khruschev's crudities were not so great as they were treated by America's press. The banging of his shoe at the U.N. is a favorite example. Crude? Yes. But significant beyond style? I think not much.I enjoyed this book and would recommend it to anyone interested in biography, the period, world affairs, or Soviet history, but I do have reservations about it, and it should be read with some caution.Taubman weaves into the text too great a sense of the correctness of America's position and policies of the time, giving a sense of Khruschev largely representing an irritating and sometimes dangerous opponent to them. America often behaved in provocative and dangerous ways through the Cold War. Taubman mentions some matters, as Eisenhower's saying that if the Soviets over-flew the United States the way the United States regularly invaded Soviet airspace there would be war, but the week-to-week reality of this is not stressed enough here to appreciate the intensity of the Soviet point of view. There were many such matters, including American submarines actually colliding with Soviet boats.Taubman gives a lot of attention to Khruschev's well-known habit of rattling his rockets in speeches, but we are not given enough background for why he might do this. The Pentagon actually had plans in the mid-1950s for an atomic pre-emptive attack on the Soviets. Generals like Curtis LeMay, the man who bombed Japan to the point of gratuitous horror, openly advocated nuclear hostilities. And, of course, America had used the atomic bomb, twice.Taubman's treatment of matters like the Cuban Missile Crisis suffers from this. The U.S. had a huge, generously-finaced terrorist operation going against Cuba at the time, including along more than one track, and that is an important part of the background that Taubman treats with what I believe is neglect. Taubman's words on the ghastly Bay of Pigs does reveal hints of American jingo attitudes. They are not offered loudly, but they are there, and I think they should not be if we want to understand what motivated Khruschev.One of the great missing chapters in the book is any detail around the Kennedy assassination. The assassination is there but not treated adequately. It was, after all, an epic event which had great consequences on both the Soviets and America. Of course, to treat the assassination adequately involves going into issues that remain murky and controversial.Despite my reservations, the book is an interesting and worthwhile read, however, I certainly do not agree with the New York Times review which said "Succeeds in every sense...unlikely to be surpassed any time soon...."
Older reporters are "grizzled veterans," younger ones are "green," and sometimes the former First Daughter seems to be piling up so many cliches per sentence she could write today's politicians' speeches! Bah.
This film reminds me a little of Pink Panther, a little of Don Knotts, and lots of Bean. It's silly humor at the highest. There are jokes for all, though some won't like them all. A few of the jokes were in the gutter which will offend the easily offended. But Bond (the series this parodies) would offend those people as well, so I doubt they're going to be seeking out Johnny English. The DVD is fine. It looks great, sounds great, and has a few nice extras. I always like deleted scenes, but this would have been a perfect film to have a blooper real. All in all...well worth the $. Especially considering it makes for a wonderful party film, no one saw it at the theater, it's really funny, and you could make a drinking game. Start with a drink every time English falls down or every time Malkovich says &quot;English&quot; with his silly accent.
I would buy this album just for the song "Long Way Home" but other jewels include "Where No Man Has Gone Before", "I Got You", "Mastersuite", "Quiet Time To Play" and more. This is truly a excellent singer who could be a mega star if he had more caliber writers like R. Kelly as demonstrated in the song "Someone To Love" from the cd "Let's Get The Mood Right". He is always better than average.
I didn't want to spend a lot on a juicer... it's something I use only occasionally. I bought this at Walmart and I'm just so impressed... I've juiced literally hundreds of pounds of citrus with it and it's still going strong! I didn't expect it to last, but I've had it over four years now and it's seen lots of margaritas and fresh squeezed orange juice. Would totally recommend!
Wow! I thought seeing them live was great...This is just another fine example of musical perfection from Maestro Wilson and the Boys. An all-star cast of musicians at the top of their game plus brilliant lighting, directing, and editing from Lasse Hoile make this a remarkable concert DVD. The set list is all FOABP and Nil Recurring for the first half of the show. The second half is old favorites, plus some not heard live before, really rounds the night out. The transfer is from all HD cameras and pops with color and life. No visible noise to these eyes. The DTS master audio sound will just blow you away! This, along with the phenomenal mix by genius SW, has me aching to throw away another 2+ hours of my life. I did only plop down $12 for the DVD version, but now I will go full bore and order the Blu-ray version (with all the bonus material) as well. The wait for this one (2 yrs) was long, but WELL worth it! *This review is from the DVD I purchased thru the pre-order from the PT website. Made in the UK!*
I am finding this HDMI cable very flexible and easy to use. It appears well constructed. A different HDMI cable I ordered (different vendor), by contrast, was extremely stiff and virtually impossible to get into the needed position. I have NOT compared the video or audio quality of various HDMI cables, but I can tell you that I'm a long-time audiophile and I'm plenty happy with this one.
If there is a question that troubles the Islamic world more than any other it is the reason why Islam has fallen behind the west and is dominated by western powers, when once Islam was the glory of the world. The author, who is a Princeton University professor, chronicles the rise and fall of the Ottoman empire and how Islam ignored the rapid advances of the west, thinking that there was little to learn from the "wretched infidels." Just a few decades after the fall of Constantinople in 1453, Columbus discovered the new world and the European powers accelerated their growth and military power. At the end of WWI, the Ottoman empire and all its glory had collapsed. The European powers, led by England, began to carve up and dominate the Islamic world; a situation that continues to this day. The reasons why this happened are chronicled in this important book, and leaves the reader with a better understanding of why the Islamic world resents the west and why some extremists cling to the dream of a renewal of Islamic glory, that can only come with a more fervent commitment to Allah and a willingness to engage in jihad.
I saw this movie for the first time on VHS when it first came out and thought it was a great movie then, the DVD simply blows it away. There are at least 2 additional plot lines added in to the movie with the restored footage. About 6 minutes of restored footage was added that explains Brent Spiner's character a little better and more footage shows up regarding Randy Quaid's kids. Overall, this is a totally different movie then what the VHS edition shows. Definetely worth the investment.
Everyone has already covered this one well. A couple of notes about the prints, though. DR. X(1932) is taken from an original 2 strip Technicolor print restored by the UCLA Film & Television Archive. Warner chose to include the print, which is far from perfect, so that we can see it in the original 2 strip color. Apparently, the Warner archive contains only a B/W print of this film. The UCLA print is very rare and is a treasure. Same can be said for MYSTERY OF THE WAX MUSEUM(1933), available on the flipside of the separately available HOUSE OF WAX(1953) DVD.MASK OF FU MANCHU(1932) contains some previously censored materials, which is an updated print compared to the previous video incarnations.RETURN OF DR. X(1939), which I agree has nothing to do with DR. X(1932), is a nice addition. A very unusual role for Bogart, who apparently hated this film.Glad that Warner has released these on DVD. Not the best horror, by any means, but some interesting films with interesting casts.
The only good thing about this two piece product was that the outlet tester worked (which I can get cheaply for ~$10) but not the tracer. First off the terminal contacts for the 9V batt was cheaply made. The plastic sleeve was flimsy and easily torn off making it now difficult for me to detach the batt from the contacts...i have to carefully remove with a small plier and screwdriver. It doesn't seem to matter how many times you passed the tracer over the breaker box or how slowly you do it. I just couldn't get a signal to confirm the right breaker. IMHO...POS. Not recommended.
I chewed on a piece of gum and stuck it inside the cavity. Two weeks later the trap is upside down, the gum is out and the mouse is gone.So I checked the package contents and I think what is missing are instructions for the mouse on how to get killed by the trap.
A spectacular whodunnit with brains and a twist. Beautifully executed, Identity brings together ten people connected by a single surreal link. Nothing is as it seems, and everyone has a hidden agenda. The performances are perfect and creepy, and the plot is engaging, so the 90 running minutes seem to fly by. Ending with a flourish reminiscent of The Usual Suspects, Fight Club, or Memento, Identity is a perfect ten. You will be telling your friends about it.
This game is just plain awesome. i will say it is one of the 3 best games on PS2 right now. The other two are Vice City and San Andreas, thank you very much. Think about this-is there any other game where you can have sex, kill random people on the street, drink and do hits for mobsters??? No!!! Thats why this is the start of the greatest series of games ever. The plot is awesome but not the most original thing ever. The goals are better than any other game and the enjoyablity is 100/100 A+ and two thumbs up.
I am floored by this book. My eyebrows were knit over every word Coetzee chose with which to tell this tale of David Lurie's disgrace: the puzzle is to decide which of the disgraces present in this narrative is the most poignant, disturbing, redeeming or tragic -- ingrained hostility against integrity, attacks on the spirit, disregard for youth and innocence, violence against humans and animals, impediments of recompense, peace and reconciliation. Not since Updike's &quot;Rabbit&quot; series have I found such an engrossing, unworthy object of my affection as is Professor Lurie; I don't want to meet him, sit next to him at a dinner party or, heaven forbid, attend one of his Wordsworth lectures at the university. But he rode my conscience throughout, a great whipping boy for my self-righteousness and yet a mirror to my own flawed character. He and his co-horts in disgace rapped quietly and insistently on my complacency, on my unexamined privelege of being a well-fed, secure, educated American citizen; brought into bold relief the blessing of being born into a society that has not (recently, at least) institutionalized oppression and as yet has no meaningful way to answer for the wrongs created by that oppression. &quot;An eye for an eye&quot; the scripture goes, and yet in South Africa, if your eye has been taken, going the extra mile to extract the eye from your perpetrator isn't necessary, any eye will do. An amazing effort; is it trite to say that this book has changed my life?
I finally decided to break down and buy one of their cds. Yes, weve heard the popular songs on radio...but I'm interested in the lost treasures not picked up on the radio. My cd arrived slightly cracked, my bottle of mint Teisseire was in worse condition. So dont order bottles of anything w a cd. Music made me happy though their were no mint juleps to be made that day...life is still good.
A book of short stories from famous Russian Authors, Half in Russian and Half in english. The book loks intimidating, but the stories are selected to appeal.The stories were capitvating and all were easy to follow except the cave. I did attempt to read the russian and the layout makes this easy.I have now been introduced to different Russian authors that I will follow up.
I'm a student in Chicago and walking around downtown really make my feet tired at the end of the day. I spend 10 minutes on this thing and the aches disappear instantly.PROS: Affordable. Cheaper than getting a massage at the spa. Very relaxing.CONS: A big machine, not quite portable. Heats up slowly (when in heat mode). Massaging discs too close.TIP: Use this with socks on. Bare feet cause a lot of friction with the rotating plastic surface and is very uncomfortable.
it doesnt tear, its easy to clean and lite weight.so far I like it, and it looks like it will last for quite awhile too.
This is a great set Horror High, the Crater Lake Monster, Creeping Terror, Land of the Minotaur are all a lot of fun and the whole set is less than the price of any one of these campy classics individually. The prints are all complete and of a good watchable quality, I'm glad I added this to my collection even though I already had several of the movies on other sets, for me Horror High and the Crater Lake Monster alone are worth the price of admission here, and the rest is sweet retro gravy on my cheesy entr&eacute;e.
The style of writing by Kaufman is very easy to read. No big fancy words where you need a dictionary.I have read numerous books about the Holocaust and how the Jewish people have been illtreated in EVERY country they lived in Europe and elsewhere, and never understood this hatred towards them. Many of the Jewish folk I met had "ARYAN Features" (Blonde hair and Blue eyes), and yet they too bore the brunt of anti-semitism. It was like a blind and brainless hatred.After reading this book by Kaufman, I now understood why this hatred had existed for so long and why it was so widespread.The only thing I can say is that "I will never read the New Testament in the same way again".Kaufmans book was a real eye-opener. AMAZING.
This film starts off as a kids film that makes it suitable for the pre-teens only. The mood changes and we then have a drunk and two junkies smoking illegal substances. For Spielberg,why did you have to have junkies in the film as it detracts from the film's intended audience? Definately not for pre-teens due to the substance abuse in the film (several times). The storyline is basically a rehash of the classic E.T. but without the emotional impact that E.T.had. You know the ending as it is very predictable all the way. In the finale you just yawn and say 'who cares' to yourself.Very disappointing.
This movie is so good. It's really funny and if you watch it late at night it's scary.A group of kids hang out at Hull House on Halloween night. It's all fun and games unitl one by one they begin getting posessed by demonic forces.It's up to Judy to out live, and out last her demonic attackers.Amelia Kinkade plays Angela, she also stars in the 2 inferior sequels that followed. Linnea Quigley does something very interesting with a tube of lipstick. And the gore effects are pretty cool.My only problem is that it's not on DVD. When is the DVD version coming out?
Pedro Almod&oacute;var continues to craft an impressive cinematic career by paying the best type of homage to Alfred Hitchcock--without blatantly copying Hitchcock, Almod&oacute;var appropriates his style, his tone, and his penchant for terrifying subject matter and translates these elements into original, contemporary stories that Hitchcock himself would have surely told if he were alive today and living in Spain."The Skin I Live In" focuses on Robert Ledgard (played by Antonio Banderas in what is undoubtedly the most sophisticated performance of his career), a plastic surgeon who has endured more than his share of tragedy--an unfaithful wife who suffers a horribly disfiguring accident, a traumatized daughter unable to cope with her family's misfortune and other indignities, and a childhood and family history of his own that is shrouded in mystery. As he himself slips into madness, Ledgard uses his skill as a surgeon to exact a most horrifying type of revenge on the man who seemingly damaged his daughter beyond repair--and then uses that revenge in a gruesome charade that satisfies his longing for the happiness that has long since left him.In telling this contemporary Gothic tale, Almod&oacute;var tackles a number of grand themes--power, love, delusion, desire--in a way that exploits our preconceptions of gender and identity. "The Skin I Live In" is a unique film. If you're already an Almod&oacute;var fan, you'll surely enjoy it. If you're not, it will almost certainly turn you into one.
Amazing, the Melvins are an easy but apt comparison. Also Federation X or a less Southern-fried version of Tight Bros from Way Back When (interesting name award). An awesome album in any case. Do yourself a favor . . .
I bought this DVD on a whim at Hollywood Video and it was just a lot of fun to watch.Yes, it's clearly a low-budget little movie but I very much liked the actors and thought the did a great job. It's a quirky movie with odd characters, most of whom are over-the-top, so don't expect subtlety. Other reviewers have criticized Heather Beers' performance as flat in the co-starring role. Maybe a little, but she is beautiful and pleasant and I'll be looking for her other movies, though I don't think there are many.As for insider Mormon jokes, I felt like I got most if not all of the humor and I am not LDS. And I did find the movie to be funny in a gentle way. I don't know that I laughed out loud but it was enjoyable and, again, quirky without being strange or stupid. I like off-beat movies and I found this one to be easier to watch than, say, Big Fish or O Brother, Where Art Thou?Finally, I really enjoyed the soundtrack. Much of the music just put a smile on my face.
When I was in college, a guy down the hall from me who owned a massive high-powered stereo system got into the habit of playing "Moving Pictures" every day. Daily at around 3:00 in the afternoon, when I returned from my calculus class, I would hear Neil tapping out the Morse Code letters "Y-Y-Z" twice on his high-hat, followed by incredibly loud power chords playing the same pattern.After about a month of this, the floor pothead politely knocked on the Rush fan's door and said, in a blurry-sounding voice, "Dude, like, Moving Pictures is a great album and all, man, but, like, do you HAVE to play it every single day?"Well, yes, he did. Because Moving Pictures could be the best rock album ever recorded. Beatles and Floyd and Stones and Zep fans may disagree, but I truly believe one would be hard-pressed to find a more consistent collection of solid tunes ever made.In Paris is housed the Standard Meter -- a bar of metal exactly a meter long, encased in a special inert gas to prevent expansion or contraction. If there were to be a Standard Rush Album kept in Toronto under a glass dome, used as the measure against which all other Rush albums were to be gauged, this would be it.The musicianship is uniformly tight, the Three Men From Willowdale meshing together like teeth on a zipper. Neil's drumbeats are crisp and staccato, Geddy's bass grumbles and roars like a dragon, and Alex reaches stratospheric heights like never before.Put on Moving Pictures, and you're immediately a teenager again, not entirely satisfied with hair-metal, definitely not into teeny-pop, brooding, sensitive, captured by the group's musical depths, enraptured by Neil's intellectual lyrics.Nothing more need be said -- and can be said.
I have never thrown a book away after I read it until this one. I read the book with one eye open...I was drawn in like a bad tabloid story. I felt guilty the whole time I was reading it and when I finished, I tossed it in the trash. The book just feels like it is shrouded in evil. It is an interesting read, especially the whole pro-wrestling thing but by the end, I felt like I needed a bath. Sick pathetic criminal that really doesn't deserve to have her story told although the author did a good job painting Ellen Boehm as a fat, ugly, delusional loser. By the way, if you read it, pay close attention to the Paula Sims references and get the book on her, Precious Victims, because THAT is an AWESOME read!
I own the val lewton collection set. However these movies are not out-of print you could buy the whole box set for the price theses sellers are selling these movies indvidually for from the box set........Highly recommend but beware buy the box set.............Great film very sad and artistic.
I noticed most of the bad reviewers for the Recon series didn't even finish the film. That's like writing a book review after reading the first chapter. Personally I love this series, it fills the hole of not having enough Starship Trooper movies. Yeah it's low budget and some of the effects are laughable. But so what? This movie delivers on everything it promises to be. A gratuitous serving of action, violence, gore, some laughs, and nudity for good measure. So when you're ready for a movie that's light on story and heavy on gory, pick up Recon 2020 and it's sequels. I love this series and eagerly await Recon 2024: The Rise of the Merch.
Whatever topic P&T; are covering, whenever they trot out the Cato Institute or Reason Magazine or some libertarian talking head, all I hear is the sound of axes being ground. I'm not saying that what libertarian think-tank Cato Institute has to say about, say, cheerleader injuries and Title IX (as in the first episode in the season) is WRONG. Actually, it sounded fairly persuasive. It's just that as soon as I see debunking tied to an ideology (other than science and philosophical skepticism, that is), I begin to lose interest.Like in the midst of an otherwise excellent episode on BS related to "old people," we get the libertarian take on end-of-life issues. I happen to agree with the position taken--that we should have the right to self-determination for such a personal decision--but would have preferred another source. Otherwise it starts to look like a case is being made for planks in a party platform.All of which is probably a big part of the reason that my two favorite episodes were Cato Institute/Reason Magazine/libertarian shill-free: the one on self-esteem and the one on anti-vaxxers. But the one on anti-vaxxers most of all. It would not be saying too much for me to say that for me that one was worth the price of the series all by itself. Of all the BS currently floating around, by far the most immediately and tragically dangerous is the anti-vaxxer BS. And P&T; did a superb job of dismantling the "argument" on the anti-vaxxer side--with trademark wit and telling interviews.But as much as I loved that particular episode, and as much as I find some of the outrageous high jinks still highly entertaining, and as much as I respect what Penn and Teller set out to do, it's hard to escape the sense that with most of the big fish fried, finding 12 more worthy topics for next season, much less any additional seasons, will be a challenge and probably a chore. The one BS episode that Penn once mentioned wanting to do that I'd like to see is the one on the "BS of BS." Because the greatest value of skepticism is that it teaches us to be skeptical about ourselves--our own biases and sacred cows and blind spots. If P&T; were able to pull that off in the style they've applied to others, it would be the very model of how skepticism ultimately must work to be invaluable.June 6 edit: I just learned that this was in fact the last season of BS, and that Penn & Teller will instead be starting a new show on Discovery this fall. And after complaining that they couldn't reasonably find 12 more worthy topics to cover in another season, I find myself a little sad at the show's passing. What was I thinking? We might be close to peak oil, but we're nowhere NEAR peak BS.
I love this pillow! It is super soft and you sink into it. Which I like, but if you are looking for a firm pillow this is not it. This is more like soft, super comfort. Just enough to make you feel like you are wrapped around a cloud. I liked it so much I bought 2, so I could use one as my regular top pillow as well.
I have all of Bruce Lee's books and movies--this dvd is a big help in trying to decipher the book. I do recommed.
I am a very grateful reader of this book. I have read many, many books on clairvoyance, and I have to say inequivocally this is one of my favorites---it is a treasure. I loved and am so inspired by the bravery of this talented, generous and most ethical gentleman. Mr. Dykshoorn very clearly has a gift, and he tells you his story in detail, from the time he was a small boy, throughout his adolescence and continues on in his adulthood. His love of family and people in this world is most apparent. I am honored to be living at the same time as this wonderful, giving man. I thank him for his honesty, gentility, truth and clarity. If you are interested in this subject, you could not make a better choice.
I wish I would have saw the reviews here before purchasing.I'm huge into DVD recording, especially television shows that will never make it to DVD or will take forever in getting out. Hee Haw will never see season sets released and I faithfully record the episodes aired on RFD-TV weekly onto DVD. The same thing with the later episodes of Bonanza that air on Encore Westerns. Needless to say, I go through a lot of blanks between that and dubbing off VHS movies that haven't made it to DVD.The first 20 or so of the lot were okay. All of a sudden one morning, I got an error message saying the disc couldn't be recorded on. I tried several discs in succession before finally finding one that would work. Out of 25 or so discs, I think I found two that worked properly. The one or two I tried in my computer didn't burn properly, either.I tried TDK and they worked beautifully!!! I contacted Memorex customer support and at first they seemed very helpful with their questions. When it came down to the nitty gritty, they simply blamed it on my Magnavox DVD recorder which has served me faithfully for close to 10 years now.I don't expect a refund as I don't have the original receipt any longer and, as stated earlier, I did use several of them without issue. I would not recommend these to my worst enemy!
Strawberry Marshmallow vol.2 is a cute slice of life anime with the 4 girls and Nobue . To me the best episodes in this volume were the sleep over and the festival. In the sleepover you get to see another side of Miu which is very touching and in the festival Miu steals the show when she takes a stab at bartering and selling.The series isn't about fast paced burst out laughing wackiness. Its a relaxed paced humorous , cute show. Some people might not like it because of the pacing , but for myself I liked it.
This CD is a journey through the old American songbook of folk, Appalachian, Shaker and fiddle tunes. Imagine going into the backwoods of rural America where life is more laid back, and you get the flavor of this CD. Flutist Sir James Galway is joined by folk singer Molly Mason and Bluegrass fiddler Jay Ungar, who are accompanied by mandolinist Peter Ostroushko and bassist Steve Rust, with percussionist Michael Merenda lending his talents to a rousing fiddle tune.Most of these songs are meticulously arranged and crafted by Galway and Unger, which makes for a wonderful toe-tapping experience.Among highlights are "My Cape Breton Home" with Galway on the tin whistle, and Mason lending her vocals to songs such as "A Roving on a Winter's Night" and "Pretty Saro" (with Ruth Unger on harmony vocals). There is a beautiful rendition of "Shenandoah," where Galway starts on solo flute, eventually accompanied by the mandolin and violin. This then segues to the delightful Shenandoah Falls. You then get a feel of simple, pure love with "The Lover's Waltz" and pure joy in "Bound For California." Then there's the wonderful "Heart of the Heartland" written by mandolinist Ostroushko. Another effective piece is "Pretty Saro," which starts off with Mason and Ruth Unger on a capella vocals, followed by an instrumental segueway by Galway, Unger and Ostrousko on both mandolin and guitar, with the vocals eventually joining in again. The album concludes with a plaintive, yet beautiful, rendition of "Amazing Grace."If you wish to harken back to the days of simpler times, and can picture yourself jamming with friends on homemade instruments on a wooden porch surrounded by greenery and blue skies, then this CD is for you!
Woverine has to be one of the best action films to date. No matter what the series arguments are Wolverine stands alone as it's own movie. Ryan ReynoldsThe Amityville Horror (Widescreen Special Edition)was so awesome with his blades bouncing the bullets off. Hugh JackmanRodgers and Hammerstein's Oklahoma! (London Stage Revival)not only kicks butt but in Oklahoma he sings strong and beautiful.The cinematography is absolutely breathtaking. When Woverine jumps off the waterfall the camera work's pan of the scene blows your mind and the water quenches you as if you're jumping with him.The special effects are so awesome I felt like I was in some of the scenes like the one with Wolverine jumping up onto the helicopter.My roomate and I enjoyed it so much we're thrilled we bought it and will watch it again and again.Another note is the scene changes as Hugh Jackman and Liev ShcreiberRKO 281 - The Battle Over Citizen Kanego through all the years of battles. Amazing scene changes.This one is a must buy. It will make Movie Night worth setting up for.
You just have to love this film. It's definitely John Waters' most mainstream to date, yet manages to continue his legacy of wry humor, and in-your-face political statements without you even realising it. Ricki Lake was perfect as Tracy, and Divine the perfect mother! (Take that as you will) The story is probably more true-to-life than most of us would realise, but knowing how high school cliques are now, the antics in HairSpray can't be far from the truth. It's a feel good movie :-)
...now I like my ambient abstract and bizarre music that doesn't follow a distinct structure...from mathcore to pure ambient sounds I've normally avoided music that follows any simple structure unless it has something new to offer...I can't really say this has anything new to offer...and that's why it bothers me to say...I like it......my brother asked for this album for christmas (of course him being of a rather young age it was unexpected) and then I listened to this when he did...the stand out tracks standed out as much as they should (the obvious singles: Helena, I'm not Okay, Ghost of you) and the rest blended in with the verse, chorus, maybe if we're lucky a guitar solo done reasonably well...after a few listens yes it did grow on me but if anything what irritates me most is this attack on emo stereotypes with them seeming to be the crusade leaders of this genre...THIS IS NOT WHERE EMO STARTED!!! Yes they are probably the leaders of the new emo fad but real emo started with Rites of Spring, Fugazi, and Sunny Day Real Estate....yes the sound has changed to a more hardcore sound then it did before but for that you have At the Drive-in...but anyway I don't like this album enough to give it a track by track review...my personal favourite is thank you for the venom regardless of how gerrard ways voice can get annoying after a few listens...lets just say if you like this so called "Emo" and want to find a place to start...then be my guest and start here but I tell you there's much better out there (Finch? Perhaps?)
This is not a heavy-duty hose and it does kink. It kinks every time I use it. It's a simple garden hose. I have it connected to a faucet on my side yard. It's a small area so it's fine. But, it would be horrible if I used it anywhere else.
My unit only achieved the promised speeds on channel 1; channel 6 and 11 were horrible even though I don't have any neighbors with WiFi. The other problem I had was with my Centrino laptop, which had bad performance most of the time with this router.
I was disgusted when I saw that as of 12/17/07 this book has 2 stars on it. I've reasoned with myself that people that rated it high probably felt sorry for it, even though they've probably never read it in their lives.Okay, what's with the author's notes in the beginning? He totally bashes the original novel and expects us to be in awe of the story he puts forth instead. I don't think the guy's ever even read the novel before. And even though he glorifies the movie, he gets Eric so out of character that I found myself seriously doubting that he's even seen it. I think I finally cracked when he states that Eric didn't mean to kill Piangi (Yes. He put his punjab around his neck, not meaning to strangle the life out of him.)....and then I think I neared crying when Eric...dark, mysterious, handsomely debonair Eric.....dressed up as a clown....voluntarily...by his own will.Plus, when you don't see Eric humiliating himself, you're brought into the perspective of some random side character (usually a reporter) who really has nothing to do with the story. Now that I think about it, you hardly read about Eric at all...or Christine....or Raoul.Please, don't waste your time or money, I beg you. I know I really sound pessimistic, but there really isn't anything good to say about this book. Even if you know nothing about Phantom of the Opera, there are much MUCH better books out there to be picking up.
Abbath, was quoted as sayin," I had all these riffs layed down, but they would'nt have worked for Immortal at the time." So, we get "Between Two Worlds and I'm glad Abbath found a way to get those "riffs" out there. This imo, is an excellent rock/metal album. Quality musicianship, top production and songwriting. Arve Isdal(guitarist with Enslaved) plays on this and o e reason why I got this. Imo, Arve is really not appreciated in the metal world for his guitar virtuosity. One of the best working today. Pick this up!
Some books are good for mathematicians, some books are good for managers. This book is different. Williams did a good job to combine both mathematic and application perfective in a single book. Even you have only high school background, this book is readable. For senior researchers or grad students or strong math background person, this book is still enjoyable to recall your fundamental of math modeling. The references are not quite updated, however. Also, this book should added some current optimization tools. Even though the title is model building, not solving, it won't be harmful to have the metaheuristics (only introduction) or KKT.
This season has it all, witches, werewolves, and of course vampires. Spoiler alert, Bill and Eric sort of team up in this one to thwart a greater evil. Sookie learns more about her heritage as a fairy. We learn more about Sam's world of Shifters as well as his family and of course his brother. There is a cliffhanger at the end of this season that will make you wish you had waited for season 5 before watching it, just to see the resolution. Sookies brother Jason and sheriff Andy of Bon Temp's create a lot of interesting filler storyline as well as Jessica. And of course from the cover, you can tell that Alcide is back in a big way. If you are a fan, you will enjoy this season, if not, well, shame on you for missing a great albeit fictitious foray into much of our folklore.Ralph
There's no filler here, just one great song after another. Particularly remarkable is Winifred Horan's consistently lovely fiddling -- what a beautiful, rich tone! Her song, The Highlands of Holland (good title!), has a klezmer-like sweetness and bounce that keeps me coming back to it.
Well, my opinion of this film is skewed. I really loved this film when it came out. The concept was neat and the acting, IMO, was really good. Corey was wrapped up in drug controversy at this time, but still did a pretty good job.The film is basically about an older man (probably in his 70s) who is experimenting with the idea of existing in a dream, and a high school kid that is having all of the normal teenage issues of the 80s. The two end up switching bodies when the man's experiment goes wrong, and the rest of the film is about how a teenager could succeed if they only had the experience of a 70 year old man. Lots of humor. This film was aimed at a teenage audience of the 80s. Take a chance and enjoy this film!
Fab little sprouter, uncomplicated and easy to use. Good purchase. I highly recommend it for the single user or small family!
I've always loved Audrey Hepburn. I remember watching Sabrina and Roman Holiday at a really young age but this is the movie that really struck me. There is something so unique about Holly Golightly thats not found in any other book/movie. The movie starts with Audrey Hepburn stepping out of a taxi early in the morning with pearls, dark glasses and a fancy black dress holding a bag of pastries and staring at the window of Tiffany's. That image is stunning, plain, naive and thoughtful all at the same time. And the movie is the same.The only gripe I have about this movie is the ending. The book ends it so appropriately because shes a wild thing who can't be tamed and she ends up doing what shes...supposed to do (?). but here, the ending contradicts the MAIN theme of the movie by making it too happy go lucky...(don't want to spoil it) This movie is too ideal, too plastic and that detracts from its originality. Holly Golightly is NOT a socialite. Shes a call girl. Her apartment is not that luxurious. She shares it with Mad Madge. Rusty Trawler was not her suitor because Mad Madge stole him from her and he turned out to be gay.Also, most importantly, the book is written in terms of the narrator looking back. Paul received a postcard from Holly and thinks about her. Its a story of nostalgia and freedom and the movie fails to establish that.Still, a very good movie in itself.Holly (on viewing a stripteaser): Do you think she's talented? Deeply and importantly talented?Paul: No. Amusingly and superficially talented yes, but deeply and importantly, no.
This audio adaptation was nominated for a Grammy and is a finalist in two categories of 2010 Audie awards.
This was my first book by Neil Gaiman, which I picked up because I remembered loving the Sandman comics when I wore a younger man's clothes. The first 10 or so pages had me a little weary, but once this story picks up (ie. the main character finds Door) this book just blew me away. It became one of those addictive books that are so good you blow off all of your friends and make excuses so you don't get made fun of for spending a Friday night reading. Not quite sci-fi, not quite fantasy, this book chronicles the story of a man suddenly propelled into a world he never knew existed beneath London, and offers many interesting characters and ideas. It's hard to review without spoiling, but just trust me, if you have taste, get this!
It may sound like a contradictory term, but for those who aren't familiar with Opeth the best way I would describe them would be "beautiful death metal". Really the only thing linking them with death metal is the death metal vocal style. Musically they draw in influences ranging from Iron Maiden, Scorpions(though not poppy. no one seems to here this influence but me), Edge of Sanity, Kanatonia, Rush and In Flames(but don't expect a full-on Gothenburg sound). The music is meloncholic, melodic, and extremely progessive and alternates constantly between lighter and sometimes acoustic passages with a more aggressive and metallic musical style. For those already familiar with Opeth and have yet to buy this album, then you need to do so immediately. Orchid and Still Life are close but I would definately say that this is Opeth's best album. It is so emotional and moving. Comparing it to Orchid, Morningrise is much less repetative and more progressive and melodic. There is also a heavier use of clean vocals(though much less than on Still Life), which are used to great affect to convey emotion even if the guitars are the most important factor in the mood, passion, and emotive power of this album. (Yes, ultra-emotional guitars. Read correctly.) Also, the album has unchallenged staying power, absolutely refusing to get old. I love this album even more now than the day I bought it. My choice for the greatest death metal album of all time changes back and forth between this one and Morbid Angel's Blessed Are the Sick. If I were forced to choose right now, I would pick this one.
Yes, folks, if it doesn't work out at first try, DO NOT TRY IT AGAIN if you are Steve Martin. This second lame attempt at humor is as rotten as the first. You get all the fake accents, over (and under) acting, cheesy and awkward caracaturization of anything remotely Peter Sellers, and just plain bad writing. That and he seems to act oddly feminine, which is beyond me as to why Martin took that angle. There is nothing redeeming about this film whatsoever. Steve Martin has crapped on yet another great franchise. My review of his earlier version of Pink Panther says it all...save your money unless you want to use this disk for a coaster. Along with #1, I would suggest you take this disk out for use as a target or as a substitute for a clay pigeon at the trap range.If you really enjoy this film, my guess is your IQ falls well below the 70-80 range. Not to say that's bad, but when I say that, I keep in mind that statistically, half the people in the world are below average, so somebody's gonna say good things about this movie. Keep that in mind when you read reviews. I'm not a movie snob...I'd rather watch Rescue from Gilligan's Island over this piece of garbage...and find a lot more about that as funny. This just sits there like a dead dog who's last act was to defecate all over the place.
I purchased this case for a bulky 17" Sony laptop my parents have.WOW.The laptop is very heavy (it's pretty old and meant as a desktop replacement) but this case masks the bulk and handles the weight very very well. I also tried to use it with my 15.4" Macbook Pro, and it was a near-perfect fit.What I liked most about the case was the handles, the front pocket for adapters and other things, and the shoulder strap. I have a Body Glove case for my MBP that I bought for like ten bucks on Amazon, but I would have gladly shelled out a few extra bucks for all the extra conveniences this one has over the simple neoprene sleeve I'm using now.All in all, I LOVE this bag and am considering buying myself one.The only complaint I have is that the shoulder straps aren't attached by a metal carabiner, but rather plastic ones. I think if using the strap the plastic attachments will snap off or break completely pretty easily.
This product is exactly as pictured and described, as far as I can tell.It has a very nice look and feel, and the wood seems real to me (which can't guarantee it's real but I think it is :-)I would buy it again.
Rabbits have a big sweet tooth, but sometimes they love things that are bad for them.The proper treats for rabbits include REAL fruit - in tiny pieces, because they can't digest sugar properly.Pet stores sell "treats" like this so your rabbits will get sick, possibly even die :`( and then lo and behold, you have to come in and buy a new rabbit.PLEASE - if you love your bunnies, give them real mini-pieces of fruit instead of this garbage!Signed,Bunny mommy of 2 mini-lop buns
I really liked this movie! It is a little predictable, but then again, what horror movie isn't? I am a huge horror movie fan and have watched so many, some over and over, that it takes a lot to scare me. But this movie did really creep me out. I thought this was a really good remake of a good older film. With all the disappointing remakes that are coming out nowadays, this one was a breath of fresh air for me and I can say it was just as good as the first one.
Per usual, Friedman displays excellent analysis and thorough study of the economy, and this masterpiece rewards the reader with ground breaking ideas on how to revamp the banking system so that the economy is less prone to market failure and inefficiency while keeping a relatively low level of government intervention and maintaining a high level of personal freedom. Friedman starts by going through (although briefly) the Federal Reserve's history (of failures), and then explaining what changes he believes would make the Federal Reserve more effective in tackling recessionary issues. From there, Milton Friedman provides a "program for monetary stability," or his idea of an optimal structure to keep market players from taking advantage of a market economy.The book itself is not very long in page count (110 pages) but in each page, Friedman stuffs multiple ideas and theories that make the book relatively dense and rich. I will admit, the book seemed slow at times, but not because the topic at hand was uninteresting or repetitive- Friedman just has a tendency to delve into complex ideas or ideas that do not seem obvious at first. If you were to purchase and read this book, I'd highly recommend reading through with another source (the internet, for example) and keeping a writing utensil and paper on hand to figure out the market shifts Friedman explains about. It's almost like reading a mathematical proof: at times, to understand the steps and conclusions Friedman makes, you must work through his reasoning to understand the argument firsthand.Milton Friedman's more popular books, like "Freedom and Capitalism" and "Free to Choose" are written mostly for the general populace; "A Program for Monetary Stability," unfortunately, is not; if you'd like to read it, I highly recommend learning some standard macroeconomic theory first, or at least going through monetary policy and banking.To conclude my review, I will admit that "A Program for Monetary Stability" falls into the pile of books geared more toward academia than light reading, but anyone who chooses the read this book will greatly benefit in understanding how the Federal Reserve's economic policy functions, and how there are possibilities to curtail inflation and maintain a sound economic policy that's more robust against wild peaks and economic troughs.I'd give this book an A+.
I didn't get to see 13 in theatres because I was the only one who wanted to see it. But as soon as it came out on dvd I bought it and the soundtrack, which is also good and I've been watching it ever since. Jennifer Garner and Mark Ruffalo have a really good chemistry and Jennifer in her first major movie role really sells her perfomance as a 13 year old stuck in a 30 year old body. If you like romantic comedies with a little magic then this is the movie for you.
Young is known for following impulses in a wide variety directions, sometimes against advice of his closest associates. Sometimes it pays off well with original music-- sometimes it's a lot of more of the same-- sometimes it's indulgent play that might have been fun to produce, but that doesn't mean you have to buy it. You should hear this album first before you lay down good money for it. It's a hodge podge and often crosses strains the border between jammin' and just screwing around with a guitar making noise. Even if you are a hard core collector, you should think long and hard about spending money on this--Young doesn't need the money nor the encouragement.
I was actually surprised by how much I liked this film, but I have to say it's one of the best movies I have ever seen in my life. Everything about it is stellar - the way the characters are first introduced, one by one; the way the story unfolds, slowly gaining momentum; the beautiful dialog... Seriously, this is what filmmaking SHOULD be.There's definitely a theatrical quality about the story telling that is very Brechtian... so the audience is always kept one step away from really getting involved with the story... and I could see that being a turn-off for some people. But, as a cautionary tale/examination of the human spirit, I've never seen anything half as good.
What's it about?Christian Bale finds refuge with a group of women in a church during Japan's rape of Nanking in 1937. Posing as a priest, he attempts to lead the women to safety.Is it any good?When it comes to watching films, immediately my expectation changes upon hearing the cast and the director of a film. Therefore, using that logic I expected a film with Christian Bale by Yimou Zhang to be great...and I was not disappointed. The film is primarily shot in a church compound, so don't expect grand war scenes on the scale of `Hero'. Instead, we are treated to some top-notch acting and magnificent storytelling regarding one of the most awful periods of Chinese History. The film is startling in its unrelenting and unflinching accounts of brutality, and also beautiful in the courage displayed by the women with whom the film centres around. Considering the 146 minute run time, the pacing of the film does drag at points, but those who stick with it, should find themselves engrossed from its spectacular beginning, all the way through to its emotionally charged ending.Best bit?Although not a war film per se, the scenes which do feature battles are as realistic and intense as they come.Did you know?One challenging aspect in making the film, was what Zhang called the "very slow pace" of negotiation with the Chinese censorship authorities during the editing process.
I recently finished reading the novel &quot;Gap Creek, The Story of a Marriage&quot; and was fairly impressed by its message. A young girl endures and survives an upbringing in the rural mountains of Appalachia. Withstanding merciless grief over too-soon deaths in the family of mostly females, her fate is to be forced into a life of hard physical labor to support and sustain the family of her mother and four sisters. Julie successfully persists with this way of life until meeting and marrying. The story unfolds to reveal a young couple, married with too little money and too many woes. One particularly gloomy afternoon in their days old marriage, Hank strikes Julie. Julie is devastated, although a strong woman, she could not and will not stay with an abusive husband, but after a revealing visit from her mother-in-law, soon realizes what may have caused Hank's error. The young couple survive countless horrific tragedies driven by poverty and misfortune during their new life in this strange place called 'Gap Creek'.This is a story of a young unfortunate couple who may have lost each other along the path of a hard life, but have remarkably, through the power of love, forgiveness, hard work, and perseverance, find their way back to each other with a renewed sense of respect, commitment and triumph. There is no doubt that they are survivors and that they will continue to survive - together.
I was raised a Christian but have fallen away from the church due to its modern structure as more of a political and business system. Christianity at its most basic is an amazing religion, its too bad its historical leaders have made such a mess of it. CS Lewis does a great job in trying to explain what Christianity is really meant to be and why. He doesnt get into semantics as much as I thought he would, and is a great read for anyone interested in experiencing different world religions. "The Worlds Religions" by Huston Smith is also a great read.
Angelo Badalamenti just has a way of capturing an everyday occurence and turning it into an unsettling experience. The score to Blue Velvet is no exception. Just like the film, Badalamenti focuses on the dark side, the underbelly, of the quintessential, care-free suburban lifestyle. Charming kitsch transforms into eerie film noir seemlessly right before listeners' ears.
I have a studio apt and only needed a small size vacuum cleaner. Was going to get one for under $45 but after reading the reviews on this one I decided to pay the extra. Believe me, it was an excellent decision!!it is easy to assemblethe instructions are excellentthe suction is awesome!...I have a very thick, plush carpet and it does just an excellent jobit does just great on bare floors, and also dirt near the baseboards and cornersit appears to be quality made and even its motor hum is impressive!UPDATE 11/12/2012: It has been over a year and the vac is still working great. I only use it once a week or so at my efficiency apartment, though.There is 1 CON: The filter is a "bear" to clean! It doesn't take that long but you need a good toothbrush or old brush to clean it properly and there are a lot of dirt particles flying around when you do it. It is better to clean it outside. I only use it once a week and this filter has lasted me all this time....I clean it after each use.
I would recommend Patrick McGiligan's biography because it has the research and detail one would expect of a biography. This book, (I assume written by an Englishman since it was published in England and uses words like "chum",etc) is a composite of what has already been published on Jack Nicholson. Its even balanced and focuses on seminal events in Nicholoson's life and his movies..What is very annoying about this book is the excessive description of the cultural context that surrounded Jack's 60's days...Way too much setting, frankly because there is not any new content here...If you don't know much about Jack, this is not a bad introductory piece....Oh, yes the other thing about this book is way too much (previously published) information on Warren Beatty, Roman Polanski, Marlon Brando, and Robert Evans...the writer goes into great details on the problems in their lives...not central to subject of this biography...
To borrow from the movie HELP!, "Here's how they was before they was." Unguarded and completely charming photos of newlyweds, before international fame overtook them and they perfected their public faces. As one who has read extensively about the Kennedys, I am always happy to find books that can still show me something I haven't seen before. This book does that, and I enjoyed it and recommend it.
This is a great webcam. The only reason i gave it 4 stars was because the pin that connects it to the base keeps loosening. So you have to tighten it often. As for the cam, its great. It has a face tracking feature and a night light feature for dark rooms. Its a very good buy.
This is a very nice sweatshirt. The color is exactly what I wanted in a maroon and the length and fit at the waist is excellent. It is bulky in the sleeves and width wise for a medium, which I normally wear (I can also wear some large size items, depending on the cut). But, I would rather have it a little bulky than too tight. It may shrink a little when washed,being 90% cotton.Excellent purchase! And, the delivery was very prompt from the seller.
It is surprising that after after so many years since its publication, this excellent book hasn't had a review at Amazon yet. Paul Heelas is a top scholar on the subject New Age, and has been studying the phenomenon - objectively and rigorously - for over 20 years. In a field dominated by biased anti-New Age and pro-New Age authors, Heelas' summary account on the origins and nature of the movement is certainly a much needed necessity for those who are looking for an impartial introduction to the matter.Yet, much has happened with the New Age since this book's publication in 1996. The New Age has been transformed, either co-opted into media and business devices, neutralized into "feel good" commodities available at holistic shops and resorts, or, still, it has become part of a new environmental religion, often associated with new artistic and ecological experiments.For updated accounts on the New Age, Heelas' new book "Spiritualities of Life" should not be missed. Other references include Graham St John's "Rave Culture and Religion" showing how music and spirituality come together in youth subcultures of self-transformation. Another interesting read is Anthony D'Andrea's "Global Nomads", an anthropological study on the globalization of New Age lifestyles, expanding from marginal expatriates subcultures into the mainstream of media and tourism.
Spoke to tech support. Suggested that it would be nice to have a switch so that you could run this smoke alarm as an AC only, in case:1.) the battery is low, you don't have a 9V battery on hand, and it starts to chirp at 3 AM in the morning, in which case, you'd have to:a.) shut off power at the circuit breaker box (...and who knows what else this will shut off, if you're not on top of this...)b.) remove the batteryc.) press and hold the Test button for 10 seconds to discharge the branch circuit . . . or2.) you're not extremely concerned about the added safety of battery backup, but would still like to have this as an option, in case you change your mindAs long as the AC power is on, this unit will chirp, if the battery is low, or if it has been removed.It appears that to avoid any headaches, one has to change the battery at least annually - ok - combine this with doing the necessary annual maintenance (dusting with compressed air).One might be able to save some money with the 10-year (shelf life) battery (actual life 3 to 5 years), but in my opinion, chances are that it will die at 3 AM in the morning.For no headaches, and having the battery backup option, it appears that you cannot get around having to replace the 9V battery annually . . . and this is not a bad thing . . . !Reason: Besides the battery, smoke alarms need maintenance - like compressed air used on them at least annually, especially on the sensor . . . I didn't know that . . . I am replacing an AC only ionization . . . it never chirped, and I never dusted it in 16 years! I also didn't know that you are supposed to replace the entire unit every 10 years (every 5 to 7 years with smoke and CO combination detectors). Is this supposed to be common knowledge?My experience: If you never have to look at an alarm, and haven't figured out how to use a calendar software program to keep track of it (I use Calendarscope, it has some good printing options), you will forget about the alarm, and neglect to do some potentially life-saving maintenanceCONS: Maybe this smoke detector could be improved if it took AA batteries instead of 9V (6 AA batteries x 1.5V each = 9V) . . . I have a "battery only" CO detector that only takes 3 AA batteries, could this smoke detector run on 3 AAs? . . .With five smoke detectors, replacing the batteries annually, you end up with five partially unused 9Vs. What can be done with these? Not much. You have to throw them out. The only place one might use these where it wears out is on an outside garage door opener. If I had a bunch of partially unused AA batteries (6 AAs x 5 smoke detectors = 30 batteries annually), I could use them in devices where they could wear out, such as in flashlights that take AA batteries, or a weather station base, weather station probes, remote control for DVD player . . . I would seek to only buy devices that take AA batteries - they can sit around until I completely use them up. A digital multi-meter to measure their voltage is essential in this process. I will be looking for a smoke detector that takes AAs in the future.Annual cost to replace the batteries in 5 smoke detectors (9V vs. if the smoke detector took AAs):A 4-pack of 9Vs is $9.97, a 2-pack of 9Vs is $5.949.97 + 5.94 = $15.91A 16-pack of AAs is 9.979.97 x 2 = $19.94Extra amount spent on AAs:19.94 - 15.91 = $4.03 . . . and I'd have two extra, fresh AAs**************************2/19/09 Update: Here's how to use up the extra 9V batteries - with the Pak-Lite 9V LED Flashlight!The Pak-Lite has many cap and LED colors available.My preference is for the Super Glow in-the-dark cap, which is a nice added feature. I have one with a black cap, but the glow in-the-dark feature is nice.I have another LED flashlight that takes AAAs. It has five white LEDs, and one red LED. I never find myself wanting to use the red LED. I recommend the plain old white LED as being the best for a general purpose flashlight.*************************There are two styles:The Basic Emergency Light: It has one light setting, and comes with the Super Glow capThe Ultimate Emergency Light:a.) It has a high and low light setting. Your battery has the potential to last longerb.) The low light setting is nice for eating in the dark, but I don't do this too oftenc.) The bright light setting is not as bright as the Basic's one light setting, so it's not as powerful of a general purpose flashlightd.) I think the Super Glow cap might normally be extra on this model, but if you look around, I've seen that you can get it for no extra charge (recommended)e.) The switch is a very small prong, and not as easy to flip as the Basic's one sliding switch. It seems like it might be more prone toward breaking compared to the Basic, but it does seem fairly solid, and both have a 25 year warranty, so I'll have to see.I'd recommend getting one Ultimate with the Super Glow cap, and one Basic. See how they work, then get a couple more Basics.
Anne Catherine Emmerich has been beatified by Pope John Paul II. This is one more step on the road to being declared a saint in the Catholic Church.The book isn't necessarily an accurate transcription of her visions. Her visions are not necessarily a form of communication from God, nor do they necessarily originate in her own imagination exclusively.I think the book works wonderfully as a speculative and dramatic account as filtered through the experience of a 19th century German mystic nun. What annoys some other reviewers - the quirks in the style and the anachronisms - I think they are reminders that this isn't well-researched historical fiction nor it is a work of the inspiration of the Holy Spirit - it's in its own category.4 rather than 5 stars because I believe that one should read the Bible and non-fiction accounts about life in the Holy Land first so they get a good background before picking up the Dolorous Passion.
But I needed more specfic instruction. It did not work for me.
I love that there is only one piece. No little parts to get all over the house. And no batteries. I love things that are neat, easy, and simple to understand for my preschoolers.
I can only echo many of the things said by others here. This is an excellent gate. One comment for the woman who pops the gate off its hinges - You FORGOT to install the retaining caps at the top of the hinges! Why blame the product for your inability to follow directions? This gate locks in at all 4 corners and will withstand anything a child can dish out. It easily opens with one hand for all but the inept. The width range made it an easy fit for my extra wide staircase. It is very sturdy across all widths. I love it so much I'm keeping it for the presently non-existent grand kids. OK, I have at least 10 years to wait.
Looks like a brand new film - colors are natural, film grain barely noticeable - razor sharp image. Very pleased.
It really is! I think everyone has that one movie they never tire of watching whether it's an Oscar winner or not and this is mine. When life gets me down I can pop this DVD in and get lost in this wonderful haunted castle. No other movie I've found has so much &quot;castle&quot; ambiance. I love the large cast as well, only wish more time was spent portaying the wacky Irish staff. Watching it for the first time on my 60&quot; widescreen was a double delight in that all the background detail unnoticed on a smaller set becomes evident, adding new dimension to the film. I even plan on visiting Castle Dromore someday which is the castle this movie was set in. It really is a shame that Neil Jordan's career began a downward spiral after this movie was released with such terrible reviews. Gutenberg and Hannah were probably the real reasons for the bad reviews, not the direction. Luckily he made a comeback years later with another favorite of mine, Interview with a Vampire. Any fan of castles or 80's comedy will really enjoy this one.
I was excited to read this novel after having seen it on a list of Greatest American Bestsellers, and having read reviews on Amazon about what a fantastic short novel this was. However, I was very disappointed with the novel when I was finished.I think Oliver and Jenny are just too underdeveloped to be taken seriously. I didn't feel any real love between the two characters, and it felt like everything that happened was very abrubt and was dealt with in very few pages (i.e. Jenny and Oliver getting together, Oliver graduating from law school, meeting the parents, getting married... basically everything that happened!). At the end of the story I was actually surprised that it was over. It wasn't as breathtaking as some people have described it, and it just wasn't that great of a love story overall.If you want to read a REAL love story, I recommend The Time Traveler's Wife by Audrey Niffenegger. That book breaks my heart every time I read it.
This camp kitchen has served us quite well over the past few years. The design is so compatible for whatever we want to do with it, and it folds up to about the size of a small guitar case.I use the pole for:- a paper towel dispenser- our flag- our lantern- solar shower bag for hot dish water- a separately purchased spice rackThe sink is also great, because it has attachments to go over it for the propane stove or hot food. Beneath the sink, I keep a bucket for draining out the gray water (I needed to pick up a hose for it), and under the counter is the perfect spot for our cooler - in the shade, not to mention the dish drying net. The rack for our barbecue tools is surprisingly sturdy, and there's plenty of room for adding on more S hooks to hold up other items, like coffee cups and such. And, I also picked up another attachment to hold up garbage bags (we use plastic grocery bags).Because this camp kitchen is so easy to set up, tear down and tote, I bring it everywhere, even just to barbecue out in the back. Is there nothing this thing can't do? :)
Rich Dad Poor Dad was great...this is not.The title of this book is totally misrepresentative of the contents. This book is about buying huge apartment buildings all over the US. Not what I would call ABC's of real estate investing. Furthermore, if you are buying apartment buildings then you are probably too advanced for this book anyway.The book is very basic and is easy to read. If you just want to get excited about the idea of real estate investing jump in.If you want something to actually teach you about real estate investing grab a book like "Investing in Real Estate" by McLean and Eldred. Also check out the podcast "Get Real, Real Estate Investing for the Rest of Us".
These are the stooges and they are awesome. There's some funny stuff on this DVD. It's well worth it. Get 'em while you can!
One company used the atatement "Runners we're different" in their advertising. It also explains many things, the lack of personal modesty, the fervor to master the one handed, no kleenex on the run noseblow and the obsession with time and distance. If you are a runner or live with one, the mastery of GPS and heart rate monitors postdates this pure tome. Although it is fiction, the author is an authority having suffered the lows and the runner's high that come from excellence in training and its reward in competition. Many runners never compete in sanctioned races finding satisfaction in the pure joy of daily accomplishment without a race on the horizon. Such a race becomes the obsession of Parker's protagonist and that is one thing that makes this book interesting. Is this the author's enduring fantasy and is he happy with his life despite not having the mile record? Ah, does this character fulfill more than one of Parker's fantasies? The fact that this book has endured for so many years and was such a no expense spared sought after used book is a testament to John Parker the writer something he excells at even more than his running.
I bought my copy in the '80s, and only after collecting several shelves of rune books do I now appreciate what a treasure this one is.This is one of the few esoteric rune manuals to focus on the historical rune poems, and other literature of the period, for the esoteric interpretations. It is well researched, and honest about the parts that are speculative.This book sticks to the Anglo-Saxon Futhorc, rather than trying to theorise about the Elder Futhark as most other popular books do. This puts it on much firmer historical ground.Given the multitude of far inferior rune manuals that have been churned out since this one was written in 1982, this deserves to be in the book hoard of anyone interested in esoteric runology.SweynThe Rune Primer: A Down to Earth Guide to the Runes
I can not say enough! This video is amazing! My daughter enjoyed it very much and walked around the house saying words and figuring out the letter they started with after the first viewing!!! We can't wait to order the next one!
A friend of mine had this in 1987, and I *finally* got my own copy this year.Usually I associate a particular season with an album or music type (i.e. zydeco for summer's beginning, singer/songwriter with acoustic guitar for early autumn, R&amp;B for spring, techno for winter, etc.) but this album fits into any season. As long as it's twilight.It's frozen winter midnight, rainy autumn dawn, drowsy summer evening, wistful spring afternoon. It makes you feel less horrible when you're heartbroken. It smoothes down the hackles of your aggravation. Instead of harshly imposing its own mood (as a lot of music does) it draws out your own feelings of calm. I'm a therapist, and I play it in my office.I don't think electronic music has ever really been able to improve on Eno, as much as the technology has advanced.
We have a Bichon Poo and we are trying to keep her away from an area of the house. Although I read reviews noting that the charge on this barrier product must be so weak to have little deterrent effect, I thought this may be the case for bigger dogs and not smaller dogs. Wrong. This PetSafe Pawz Away did not work as a barrier at all. We tested the barrier several times and heard the beeps. Nonetheless, the little dog walked right through and continued to eat the cat food we were trying to keep her away from. Height was not an issue since we tested it at the dog's height. I do not recommend this product.
No muss, no fuss, we just took it out of the box, set the timer, and it continues to work day in and day out. What more can you ask?
When they say "abridged" they are not kidding! It seems that they have abridged out about 90% of the original script.This version consists of only 6 discs.This audio version is so shortened as to make it essentially useless.Better to just buy the book or try to find an audio version unabridged.Leo Wagner
That's the great thing about time travel movies that are well thought out, many plot twists become possible, and Rian Johnson has written and directed a great movie here using this device very well. Finally a sci-fi movie that is worth the price of admission after so many big budget diasappointments of late. Goes to show you, sci-fi that requires some thinking will always beat out sci-fi that only requires CGI.
If you've ever looked for a proper guide to fifties homemaking (as opposed to the disdainful, sarcastic and deceptive models posted for the entertainment of scoffers), this is it. There are points here and there where I find Andelin's advice manipulative and disingenuine, but they take little away from the whole impact of this book of very good advice for homemakers who intend to do their job with excellence and integrity. So take what you like and leave the rest, including the naysayers, who will think what they will.
My 9 year old stepson and his dad have fun attacking me with this. Great buy. I recommend purchasing the 36 pack of extra darts through amazon.
This was the Gold Box special...went to 100% at 3 minutes after it went on sale. Did Amazon have ONE available?Theres more at the regular price, what gives?
This is a wonderful CD featuring King's speeches. Yes, I do wish there are more however, you can still feel King's fire and strength inside these speeches!!!!!!!. Although I was only 3 at the time of the Mountaintop speech, I felt like I had lost my father all over again. This had moved me to tears and now I really know what my dad and others like him was fighting for!!!!!!
This book resonated with me, bringing back some now-funny, then-painful memories from years ago, looking for work with a bachelor's liberal art degree. OUCH! At times surreal but not far from the truth, it exposes the "get a job" industry.Perhaps a bit of an exageration but alot of truth in this book.Recommended to those seeking employment- it will make you feel less alone!
When i was 18 i used to sing songs like black hole sun to my self and then i'd get bored with them and start turning them in to swinging jazz arrangements in my head, turning guitar solos to intricate piano rhapsodies AND PAUL ANKA SUCKED MY THOUGHTS OUT OF MY HEAD AND STOLE THEM! Of course, i can't prove it, but WHAT OTHER RATIONAL EXPLANATION CAN THERE BE? And don't tell me we're all human beings and as such similar and can get similar and/or same ideas and that pertaining to have an exclusive prerogative on some such common ideas is being a totalitarian fascist, or that Richard Cheese does it for humorous effect, ridiculing the songs he picks, where as Paul Anka's choice of songs and intent is completely different, as he embraces them with respect and care, transforming them with great attentive skill, making something that was merely faintly hinted at in the original and could only be felt be actually heard in it's completeness through these new arrangements.Don't tell me that, for i am a soldier of the truth, and righteousness is my supreme commander!
We watched (my wife and I) this movie several times. Each time we have come up with a different conclusion on &quot;What happened next&quot; after the movie ended. We never could agree. :-) This movie is intriguing and will keep you guessing on the conclusion. One of my most favorite movies.
Hey,This baking mix is absolutely wonderful. I add extra baking powder for all my recipes with this mix. My chocolate chip cookies come out mouth watering delish. The pancakes are wonderful, just replace the water with milk, soy or almond milk and add 1/2 to one Tbs. of non-aluminum contained baking powder. You won't find another mix like it that's so yummy, versitile and gluten/wheat free. Enjoy!
I got new kitchen cabinets & while the granite guys were installing our counter tops they scratched some of my cabinets while fitting in a tight area. This product helped with the scratches.
I used to really enjoy Ben Bova's books. Examples such as &quot;Colony&quot; and &quot;Millennium&quot; spring to mind. Unfortunately his more recent works (including this one) tend to read like poorly written soap operas. The science is still good though in this world where hard science fiction seems to be disappearing in favour of fantasy. This will probably keep me buying his novels but I do it with more trepidation than before.
Maybe this plodded along a bit, maybe it's been done before. But, by the movie's end, and everything is pieced together, it was a gem. I especially liked the three main leads Smith, Johnson and Brewster, although, I would have liked to have seen the relationship between Smith and Brewster wrapped up a little bit more tidy.I realize the movie title was pretty much taken verbatim from the book, but, it may have distracted from this movie getting better circulation and response from the general public. It certainly has an indie feel to it, but, that's what makes many indies little gems.I really indentified with the characters(not the dad) and I'm a 59 year old male!! I rented this, but, I will buy this movie for my permanent collection.
This comedy about a gay couple from two traditional Italian families is absolutely hilarious at first.Some witty situations and well-drawn characters will ring true, even if you didn't grow up in New York's Little Italy.Unfortunately, the movie seems to run out of steam about mid-way and a promising beginning fizzles out by the end.It's got its flaws, but still definitely worth seeing.
I strongly disagree with the previous reviews of this latest live DVD by Tommy Castro. This performance is only a shadow compared to the high energy and excitement of Castro's "Live at the Fillmore" DVD. The main culprit is simply the quality of the songs themselves, which was much stonger on the Fillmore DVD. The contrast between the two DVDs is so striking that it almost seems like two totally different bands on each DVD. I enjoyed every single song on the Fillmore DVD and comparatively didn't find even one song on this newer DVD holding my interest. This is a severe drop in Tommy's work that I hope is reversed before it's too late.
I was reminded of the Penrod books by a review exalting them at the white supremacist site American Renaissance. The person who wrote the piece was under the impression that Tarkington was approving of racism. (Such people tend to make the same mistake regarding Mark Twain.) Actually, Tarkington considered himself progressive regarding race relations, despite the racist stereotypes that are so glaring in the Penrod novels to contemporary eyes. There are quite a few wink and nod approvals of the books for the same mistaken reason as at AR here, so I've decided to debunk it.Beyond the racist aspect, are the Penrod novels good children's literature? Not really. They're rather formulaic. Tarkington was neither a Carroll nor a Dickens. There are better books from the past and the present. Unless you are a white supremacist or Far Right sort, I doubt that you will want your child to be exposed to material that is, despite the intent of the author, indoctrination into both sexism and racism. The Penrod books are suitable for adults as historical artifacts, but that is about all.
This is a good dance-y workout, but you won't be using any of these steps on a dance floor these days! Very fast-paced (you can either stop and rewind to learn the steps, or just pick them up over a few days, as I did) and a lot of fun -- high energy, cheery, not annoying. You really will see results if you stick with it. If you do it on carpet, just be careful with the twists, use strength so you don't twist your knee instead of your whole body, and know your limits.
If you leave this in your mouth too long they taste funny. They smell horrible. 2 pills ontain 50% of your calcium though with a desirable ratio of magnesium. There are much worse calcium supplements out there though. If you have problems with big pills get a liquid option. Additionally I'm a fan of the quality of Rainbow light products and this is no exception.
Nicely acted, beautifully shot, intense drama. Brilliantly brings to life Seicho Matsumoto's story in true Hitchcockian style. Never a false step.
This may not be the worst movie I have seen, but it may indeed be the worst Casper Van Dien film ever, which should say a lot. It is simply a really bad film. I have nothing good to say about it. The monster is completely uninteresting, he is just there- as compelling as a poster of Dracula hanging on the wall... OOOOHHH SOOO Scary :) The poster might be more effective actually. Count Floyd was more compelling in fact. The acting and script are awful to the point where it is difficult to watch the whole film all the way through. I would urge you not to waste your money or your time. If you choose to rent or buy this... Just don't say that I didn't warn you.
I had 10 long hours on the plane and couldn't finish this book. I understand it is written from the Queen's point of view so she can't avoid being unbiased, but the world just isn't black and white! The author's world definitely is, particularly when it comes to the King. Her husband seems almost a saint, who tries to keep his neighbors happy. The heads of other governments are not good people. They want to take advantage of the king's kindness. He suffers, but continues to believe in being honest, true and virtuous. His enemies continue to do him wrong.Maybe so. That's the way a loving wife would talk about her husband. But that's not what I was expecting to get out of it. If you want to read about a good man who was taken advantage of left and right, this is the book for you. If you want to read about a real man who tried to do good and made a lot of mistakes , whether intentionally or not, look elsewhere.
Okay, I think it's kind of interesting, that all the kids reviews are bashing this album, but all the regular reviews are giving it 5 stars. Well, I'm a college student, going to an art school, studying the music business. And I was absolutely amazed by this album, and a lot of my college friends would agree with me. This is a very impressive debut for a sixteen year old. The album starts with his #1 debut hit, "Run It", which is a hot Scott Storch production, which is the song that everyone wants to hear in the clubs and at a parties. The song is based around the typical hit-making formula which leaves no question why it's so successful. But personally, I just believe this song is HOT! and addictive. The next track on the album Andre Harris/Vidal Davis-produced second single "Yo (Excuse Me Miss)". The song is just a sweet song that brings back memories of going to the skating rink and stuff, or some type of teen dance party, lol. But everybody remembers what it feels like to just see somebody who catches your eye and just wanting to dance with me. It's just such a sweet song with such a soothing melody. People keep dissing his voice, but I think he has a very nice voice. It's probably going to change a bit throughout the next few years though. The next song on the album is one of my favorites, taking it back with a familiar sample and talking about teenage love. This song just takes you back to your teenage years, remember the first time you truly believed you where in love? A great song!! One of my favorites. The next track is another Scott Storch-produced club track called "Gimme That" which is basically like another "Run It!". It's hot! The next song is "Ya Man Ain't Me" which a nice song produced by The Underdogs. Basically, the song is about him talking to a girl who has a boyfriend who doesn't treat her right. My favorite part is "he ain't fly, he don't even drive." Definately a 16-year old, I love it. The next song, "Winner", is one of my favorites. This track is produced by Bryan-Michael Cox, one of my favorite producers around right now. This song is just a nice catchy song, that keeps calling you back. The next track, "Ain't No Way (You Won't Love Me)", is just as good. I don't quit no what to say about this song, other than you just have to hear it. It just takes you away. The next two songs definately aren't highlights on the album, but definately not tracks to skip over either. "What's My Name" is an upbeat track produced Cool & Dre, and "Is This Love?" is a slower song but with a heavy bassline, produced by The Underdogs. These two songs are followed by another hot Andre Harris/Vidal Davis production called "Poppin". The song is upbeat, but not enough so to be played in a club nowadays. It's basically just a smooth upbeat irresistable track. The next song has to be my favorite on the album, it's called "Just Fine". It's about realizing that the person your with deserves someone better than you and letting them go. The song-writing is excellent and it's just a beautiful song. The next track is another Bryan-Michael Cox production, called "Say Goodbye". Another heartfelt ballad here, about letting a relationship come to an end, and how there's really never a right time to say goodbye. It's about not knowing exactly what you need, and what you want, and who you are exactly, which is something you have to explore a lot when you're young. Beautiful song. The next songs are kind of like the closing tracks on the album. The "Run It!" Remix features Bow Wow, and is remixed by the one and only Jermaine Dupri. It's just as good as the original in my opinion. Still a party starter! I really don't care for the closing track on the album, "Thank You", but maybe it's just me. If I was the executive producer of this album, I wouldn't want "Thank You" to go on. I think the album would end better with the "Run It!" Remix as the final track. The "Run It!" remix seems to kind of close the album. But regardless of that, I would still definately give this album 5 stars. I think the reason Chris Brown might be liked more by college-age people as opposed to people his own age or slightly younger, maybe due to the fact that his music takes you back to those years we have already surpassed. With high school kids or junior high kids, songs like "Yo (Excuse Me Miss)", "Young Love", and "Ya Man Ain't Me" just might seem too simple or might hit too close to home, when their looking for music to show them something outside of the world their living in. I believe that music should inspire thoughts and music should create images in your mind, and that's what these songs do. It makes us think back to younger days when we thought we were in love with the boy/girl at the school dance. There's really no picture to be painted when you're already there. It gives something for slighty older people to reminisce on. With the 18-25 crowd, these teenage memories are still very close to our hearts, because we have just recently said goodbye to them. With even older crowds, they've moved way beyond this and their already reminsicing on their 18-25 days. That's my theory on why the college-aged crowd seems to be more into this CD than the under 18 crowd.
I purchased this one the grounds that it was a Caldecott winner or runner up or whatever. I was disappointed. I like the illustrations, which are of a marsh, and have some very realistic illustrations of birds, badgers, salamanders, etc. but there is almost no text. The whole idea for this book is to find the missing baby duckling on the page, someplace, as it hides behind a log or whatever in the background. Sort of a "where's waldo" for a duckling. So far my one year old has not caught onto this, and seems really bored by this...Here is the total text for the entire book, with numbers denoting pages.1.Early one morning...2. none3. none4.none5. none6.none7. none8. Have you seen my duckling?9. none10. Have you seen my duckling?11. none12. none13. Have you seen my duckling?14. Have you seen my duckling?15. none16. Have you seen my duckling?17. none18. none19. none20. none21. none22. none23. none(Mom and ducklings found 8th duckling around page 20...)
The author uses weak straw man arguments to try and prove that Jesus Christ is the Lord and Savior of the world and will judge mankind. I stopped reading in the middle of the book when his pompous attitude started to anger me. The main message of this book is accept Christ as your savior or be separated from God. There is a lot more to the Bible than Adam/Eve, sin, salvation, and hell.I suggest you STAY AWAY from this book and save tour $4!
I've read this book twice and I'm currently working on my third time. Not only is it a supurb, extremely well-written biography of one of the most interesting men in American history, it is also a wonderful story, filled with triumph and betrayal, adventure and sadness, cowardice and courage. If this were a novel, it would be considered one of the greatest American novels of all time. I cannot recommend this book too highly.
At the very least, the band will receive a payday they will remember. This is the reunion that would not happen due to Iggy's hyperinflated ego for what ... sixteen years since it was first speculated? That the Asheton's were incapable of any normal existence without the Igster? I'm sorry, but this mishmash is nothing but a midlife crisis for a guy who has done and lost more than any mere mortal who has ever walked the planet, and that would be James Jewel Osterberg. The fact that the Ashetons would actually show up is amazing. That Mike Watt, bless his heart would sign on is a message from the gods. But the resulting project is a joke. It might make a good instrumental album, but that would be it. I have no idea what epiphany could have roused this sleeping ogre. I would have to hazard a guess that the death of Greg Shaw may have played a part. He was the last cheerleader of The Great Myth and had a lot of us aboard that train, myself included. I'm really stunned. The album sucks, the tours are doing OK, I just hope the other guys get a well deserved cut this time.
I use an electric motorized bicycle as my primary form of transportation, so I ride daily, sometimes 20 miles or more, so I can tell you this is as sturdy and as comfortable as it gets, it still looks like new after 2years and still every bit as comfortable, riding my bike for any distance is a pleasure with this seat. I'm 6'2 180lbs and this seat supports me perfectly.
My son has loved to look at these bugs since birth. I have them on his carseat handle, and I like that they are "safe" for carseats and soft. He loves to look at their eyes and colors. He's about to move to the big carseat, and we'll move these to the stroller!
I think this book was valuable when I was just learning about DHTML. Reading it is like learning about what is possible, but you can't learn everything about DHTML. The author really just provides examples of what you can do, but he won't show you everything. Keep in mind that this book was published back when the then current version if Internet Explorer was (I thought) the best implementation of DHTML, albeit non-standard. And that's the rub; the techniques the author demonstrates are browser-specific and won't work universally, not even today. Finally, the book seems disorganized, and it is difficult to find what few useful examples there are.
"Brokeback Mountain" heck! This wonderful adaptation and reinterpretation of the Roald Dahl fantasy novel, "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" is as good as you've been told.It easily has the best production and costume design since "Chicago" and "The Aviator" a few years ago. However, the magnificent design succeeds in being better than those two films.It is also very well scripted and follows the original novel while putting a twist of its own into the film. Director Tim Burton shoots the film dramatically, creatively and all together beautifully.Johnny Depp also gives a stellar and chilling performances as the Candyman himself- Willy Wonka.Truly one of the best films I've seen and the best family feature in a long time!
Essential reading for all National Socialists along with Mein Kampf.
I've been a Wet Willie fan since I saw them in Memphis back in the late 70's. I've just listened to the clips of this CD and while I grant that the vocals fall far short of Jimmy Hall's, they are not the biggest problem by a long shot. The guitar tone is so thin and trebly it sounds like he's plugged into a transistor radio with a blown 2 inch speaker and turned it up full blast! This may be the worst sounding live electric guitar tone I've ever heard and I've heard a lot. What the heck's going on here. Are the sound engineer's eardrums busted from years of mixing rock n roll?
Eskimos have all the ice they need and presumably don't perceive the need to get any more, let alone buy it. Joe Spoelestra illustrates how to take that ice and turn it into something desirable (a Slurpee) for example, or bundle it with something that makes it desirable - a sled and a lift to create an experience to sell.Joe details his experiences, primarily in sports marketing. They are especially applicable to those in the entertainment and service industries but can be applied in virtually any industry. The book is full of new ideas, fresh insights, and ways to repackage that which nobody wants in such a way as to change the customers' perception of value and create a compelling value proposition.The book is much better than this review. :-) Pick it up, read it, enjoy it and act on it. &quot;Ice to the Eskimos&quot; will give you fast easy ideas that can be used to jump start your business!
"Forces of Habit: Drugs and the Making of the Modern World" by David T. Courtwright (Harvard University Press, 277 pp, $24.95) is a vivid account of the global spread of psychoactive drugs over the last 500 years. The University of North Florida historian defines drugs broadly enough to include not just the usual suspects like heroin and marijuana, but also generally legal drugs such as tobacco, alcohol and caffeine.Courtwright's witty writing should appeal to those with a taste for black humor. The author possesses a seemingly infinite supply of vivid examples about the impact of drugs on humanity, and even upon the animal kingdom. Lions, he notes, "have learned to prey upon drunks staggering home at night from East African roadside bars.""Forces of Habit" can help modern white-collar workers banned from smoking indoors reflect on the ferocious anti-smoking campaigns that earlier tobacco addicts endured. While American smokers are forced to risk pneumonia each winter while they puff away in the freezing doorways of office buildings, "Russian smokers suffered beatings and exile; snuff takers had their noses torn off. Chinese smokers had their heads impaled on pikes. Turkish smokers under the reign of Ahmed I endured pipe stems thrust through their noses."Ironies abound in "Forces of Habit." Alcoholics Anonymous' co-founders, Bill Wilson and Dr. Bob Smith, "both smoked heavily and died of cigarette-related illnesses." (Today, AA chapters searching for meeting places are bedeviled by the new prohibitions on indoor smoking. Reformed alcoholics often want to smoke to relieve the tension of staying on the wagon.)But Courtwright has serious ambitions as well."This book," he writes, "grew out of a broader curiosity about psychoactive commerce, a ubiquitous -- and, I now believe, defining -- feature of the modern world."This leads Courtwright to rewrite much of human history from a, well, drugocentric viewpoint. "The domestication of fire," he informs us, "made widespread drug use possible in the first place." A few eons later, "The Apollo 11 astronauts," he notes, "were drinking coffee three hours after landing on the moon.""Forces of Habit" is thus in the grand tradition of the Monomaniacal School of History. It stands comparison to such valuable works as William McNeill's "Plagues and Peoples" and Daniel Yergin's "The Prize," which explained the history of the world in terms of germs and oil, respectively.Courtwright's vast goals are assisted by his defining "psychoactive drug" expansively enough to include coffee and chocolate. He even tentatively discusses sugar. I'm not sure why he didn't ultimately accept sugar as "psychoactive." Those of us with little kids have certainly seen sugar's impact on brain chemistry.One problem with his semi-sprawling approach to defining "psychoactive drugs" is that it's not clear where to draw the line. If I drink a glass of warm milk to help me fall asleep, does that make milk psychoactive? Or would it be "psychodeactive?"When going on a family outing, I always insist that we bring along some high-calorie, high-fat foods like cheese sticks. Few things end screaming tantrums faster than cheese. And it helps mellow out my kids, too. So, is cheese a psychoactive drug, just like crack and crank?What about sunshine? The vitamin D it produces seldom fails to cheer me up.Is a tan also a drug?Evidently, Courtwright defines a drug as a chemical that wasn't around for most of human evolution. He takes a Darwinian perspective on the desire for drugs."Humans evolved in itinerant band societies. Life in the sedentary peasant societies that succeeded them was less varied, fulfilling, egalitarian and healthful. Taking drugs to get through the daily grind (or to treat the intestinal and parasitic diseases attendant to settled life) is peculiar to civilization. ... Such practices are further clues, if any are needed, that our social circumstances are out of sync with our evolved natures."Drugs apparently produce artificially the pleasurable brain chemistry reactions that evolution devised to reward our distant caveman ancestors for engaging in hunting and other behaviors essential to survival. Perhaps this explains the terrible alcoholism problems currently suffered by the indigenous tribes -- such as American Indians, Eskimos and Australian aborigines -- who have only recently given up the primordial hunter-gatherer lifestyle.Of course, New World Indians had their own native drugs to share with Columbus. According to Courtwright's bottomless bag of memorable quotes, the fanatically anti-smoking and anti-drinking Adolf Hitler called tobacco, "the wrath of the Red Man against the White Man, vengeance for having been given hard liquor." (Perhaps, though, Hitler showed that power is the most dangerous drug of all.)Courtwright dislikes drugs, but what he really hates is capitalism. "The peculiar, vomitorious genius of modern capitalism," he expounds, "is its ability to betray our senses with one class of products or services and then sell us another to cope with the damage so that we can go back to consuming more of what caused the problem in the first place."Rich merchants and Western European governments generally encouraged drug commerce well into the 19th century. The relatively recent growth of temperance movements and at least partially effective government controls on drugs, Courtwright asserts, were a response to the industrial revolution changing what capitalists required from workers. Before industrialization, landlords could keep fieldworkers in debt-slavery by getting them addicted to expensive alcohol or opium. Drunken factory workers, though, would break expensive machinery."The growing cost of the abuse of manufactured drugs turned out to be a fundamental contradiction of capitalism," claims Courtwright. On the other hand, one could also argue that the historically high level of sobriety reigning in today's hyper-capitalistic information economy -- where caffeine is the only acceptable drug -- demonstrates that free markets can encourage self-control.Many economists, most notably Milton Friedman, have suggested legalizing all drugs. They point out that the outlawing of drugs generates crime, just as Prohibition did.The historian Courtwright, however, believes these economists are living in a theoretical dreamland. The "dangers of exposing people to psychoactive substances for which, it is increasingly clear, they lack evolutionary preparation" means that the "answer, whatever it may be, is not a return to a minimally regulated drug market."I fear this is true, but I would have liked to have seen Courtwright grapple more directly with the libertarian economists' arguments. Historians love facts, but distrust logic, while economists don't like to mess up their beautiful theories with too much reality. Perhaps someday, a thinker equally at home with both the history and theory of drugs will resolve this crucial quandary. Until then, "Forces of Habit" makes a fine introduction.
Like many of us, we've been waiting for the release of the Indy trilogy for ages! Finally, Lucas decided to let go of his baby and allow it to be put on DVD. I believe if Spielberg had his way it would have been on DVD ages ago, but this is Lucas' creation when it comes down to it (you learn that he was debating on creating either Star Wars or Raiders first and opted for Star Wars.)The nitty gritty: Yup, all three on DVD. Nothing cut or added or tweaked just the original films. The fourth disc is mostly featurettes on the backgrounds/behind the scenes look at all three including some candid footage of how humorous they all were when the cameras weren't rolling. Unfortunately, there isn't any deleted scenes in a special section -- the ones there are pretty much incorporated in the behind the scenes featurettes. You do get to see the original screen test of Tom Selleck and Sean Young along with other screen tests of potentials as well as other famous actors. There's plenty of interviews with the remaining surviving casts of all three. The featurettes alone take up some two hours together. They're pretty much the length of a movie themselves.And yes, you get all the dirt. Who got sick on the food in Egypt (except Spielberg who ate only canned food) and when Harrison Ford slipped a disc in his back during Temple and just screamed resulting in being out having surgery with a six week recovery and you learn they cast Sean Connery because since Indy was modeled after James Bond (according to Spielberg) the only logical choice for his father would be 007 -- Sean Connery.If you haven't seen all three (or have lived under a rock and never heard of them) then you're in for a treat. Raiders, of course, gaining an Oscar nomination for Best Picture is easily the best of the three. It's chock full of adventure, romance and action. We're introduced to Indy in a non-stop action movie with scenes like riding a roller coaster. It's the quest for the Ark of the Covenant. We have Marion, his lady who rivals him as his equal and of course, Belloq -- his nemisis in obtaining artifacts, mostly stealing them from under his nose or gunpoint.The second is notoriously known for it's darker scenes and undertone. It's also the weakest. Kate Capshaw's character is supposed to be a primadonna singer who ends up tagging along with Indy and Short Round, a lovely little Asian kid, but she's almost overdone with her non-stop screams; It's supposed to be a joke in the flick, but the audience never quite got it and deemed her a terrible actress. It's also the one Spielberg had more creative control with; It's made up of all the stunts they couldn't use in the first and built the story around it. This includes the infamous father/son relationship that Spielberg puts in all his flicks (i.e., Short Round and Indy.) He likes to put in kids, family stuff, and some scenes that are pretty cheesy -- so much you could spread it on a Ritz cracker.Then we go to the third: The Lost Crusade. For ages, this one was considered &quot;the apology&quot; for the second. It makes up for it in spades! Sean Connery as his father is absolutely priceless. We learn Spielberg didn't want to do the story of the Holy Grail (because it wasn't strong enough... are you kidding, Steve?!?) and also introduced the father/son element again... you know... the father neglecting the son. (On a writer's note, does anyone think that Spielberg really needs a shrink? Seems like this recurring theme is in practically ALL of his movies. Just write a story, Steve, not your life!) Regardless, all complaining aside, it does work beautifully. We don't have a Marion in this one but we do have a wicked blond that makes up for the Kate Capshaw screamer.We also have the original trailers as well as more featurettes on the sound, stunts and special effects. Very, very decent. Plus a preview of the new Indy game that Lucas is putting out (although you can tell Harrison Ford didn't do the voiceover which is highly disappointing.) There is a DVD/website link, but no one ever seems to really care about those.Worth it? Yes. In one of my reviews, (Back to the Future trilogy) I was FLOORED at how many extras were in there. Outtakes, the works. But... unfortunately it succeeds the Indy trilogy in the extras department. Regardless, the pictures are crisp, the sound great and worth the buy. Go get it!Oh yeah -- the best part? THX CHANGED THEIR OPENING LOGO!
It's a 1958 black and white horror movie that IS WONDERFUL......up until the last 10 minutes. The movie drastically spirals downward after that point. Overall, it's a Must See!It's the story of a man named Robert who becomes chairman of some dumb volunteer committee for the small town. Part of his new duties are to manage the cemetery, which he is informed will be about as time consuming as one afternoon a month.Inside the cemetery's office is a large map that displays the grave plots. Plots marked with a white pin denote plots owned by living people, and plots marked with a black pin denote plots with a body buried in them. Likewise, plots without any pins are up for sale. I am pointing this out because the map is a key focal point during the entire movie.On the first day of the job, Robert accidently marks two recently sold grave plots with black pins. That day, the couple who bought the plots are killed in a car accident. After that, anytime Robert marks a grave with a black pin, the person is destined to die. Later on, Robert tries to reverse the process with white pins...The movie itself had a fantastic buildup. It's rare to find a movie that is THAT engrossing/enchanting/spellbinding/etc. I couldn't wait to find out how they would finish it. (And of course I was hoping to see some ghoulies or zombies). However, I think because of the great start and middle - the climax was very, very, very, very, disappointing. To put it ineloquently, the ending was crap! The writer was obviously trying (very poorly I might add) to finish it with a realistic approach and ended up ruining the entire effect.I highly recommend watching this movie, and then turning it off when you get to the part where Andy McKee comes into the cemetery's office covered in mud. Let your imagination finish the scene. Just about anything would be better than how they ended it.
First off, let me say that while I love the Stones, I am not a"They can do no wrong" type of fan. I've been just as bored asmany of you by most of their output for the last 20 years.That said, I think this is probably the best album they'verecorded since "Tattoo You". No, they don't reinvent the wheel,but let's face it, even the most creative artists only haveso many new tricks up their sleeve. What I am struck by onfirst listen is how reinvigorated they sound. All the crunchingguitars, amazing drumwork and great Mick vocals that you usedto expect every time out are BACK. This is by far the strongestbatch of songs they've come up with in decades. And it onlytakes one or two listens before you begin humming along. Lotsof fun, at times moving, this CD is a winner. Yes, it does goon a bit longer than I'd like (How I long for the days of the40-45 minute recording!) but all in all, a major success forthe guys. I think it is definitely worth your time and money.
Our nuvi 200 (several years old) had stopped working. I called Garmin and they immediately asked if I had replaced the charging cord with a third party item. I had. Garmin suggested an OEM cord and said they could sell me one or I could buy it online. Amazon had the best price. Cord came right away and immediately solved the problem.
I've had and used this book for a few years now and I can't recommend it highly enough.It is essential information on how to properly use your grill to properly cook anything on it. If you don't know when to use and how to setup your grill for indirect vs. direct heat then you must have this book. One tip I found very useful as well was to get an oven thermometer and see just how hot your grill gets on various settings-- this is essential knowledge. Most of the built-in thermometers on grills are off by as much as 50 degrees, by the way. Once you have this mastered your cooking times will be consistent and you won't have to keep peeking to see if its "done" (if you're looking, you're not cooking after all).In addition to the instructions on grilling it explains how to prepare meats for the grill (including what cuts there are, etc.). In particular the section on how to prepare pork ribs for the grill is spot on.Finally the recipes are first rate and are divided by category (pork, beef, lamb, seafood, veggies, rubs and sauces, and deserts I think). I've cooked dozens of recipes and these are all incredible. Once you do a few you'll be able to mix and match rubs and sauces for great results.Some of my favorites are the Porterhouse with rub and Dijon Mustard butter, Kansas City Style Baby Back Ribs and the Cajun Corn.Another book that has another huge amount of awesome recipes is "Weber's Charcoal Grilling: The Art of Cooking with Live Fire" which is very similar but has much more information on cooking with charcoal. This book does cover both gas and charcoal-- the difference is only in the setup, but the Cooking with Live Fire book is better for that purpose.
The movie is just as incredible as it ever was. A near-perfect sequel that separated itself enough from the original to stand on its own merits.This Blu-Ray transfer is the best I have seen so far (of course, I still have to open my Alien BD). The clarity and depth of the image is stunning. The image is rich and inky and just...well...wonderful. This is what real film should look like in HD -- it puts new digital prints to shame. Having just re-watched the LOTR Extended Edition BDs, I can say without hesitation that the picture on Aliens is superior in every way.Sound is also tremendous, though my set-up does not allow me to be as discerning as some others may be (sound bar is as sound bar does).Overall, watching Aliens again on BD was a thrilling experience, almost like watching it for the first time. I can't wait to crack the plastic wrap on the original!
This model is 91mm long, at 4 slots thick its one of the thinnest 91mm that contains a SCISSOR! The pouch can be too tight. Store the knife diagonally let the key ring hang out on top. Not sure if the material is real leather. Another cool classic knife is the leatherman micra.Overall a masterful utility knife. Not too thick, easy to carry. Good balance of size, weight and functions.
This DVD was released on 29 July 2008. So any reviews you read that are posted before this date are obviously bogus. However I purchased the DVD myself with American Dollars, Greenbacks, Bucks. And I thoroughly enjoyed it! Man, just about everybody returned in this one. Even that HOT System Lord Nirrti, albeit for a brief moment. Apophis was there too, but all too briefly for my taste. Jack O'neill was there also, AND there was talk of cake! But again, all too briefly for him as well. However it was a most excellent show and I thoroughly enjoyed it! We can all thank God for this particular production of Stargate "Continuum"! (Spoken while pointing both index fingers toward the heavens!).
As others have said, this is a suspenseful, even sensuous debut novel. To say it's a quick read isn't condemnation, but instead praise at how effortlessly Gerard's voice carries us past years of his life, his increasingly sensuous relationship with a penpal he's never met, and toward the clarification of the effects his decisions--and those of others--have made upon his life. However, in that voice's strength lies also the novel's weakness: that so many years have been skimmed so quickly makes it difficult for us to feel the full weight of the otherwise powerful denouement. Although the conclusion seems right, solid, based soundly on the foundations the novel has developed, it also seems weakened by the fact that Gerard has been defined almost entirely within the novel by his relationship to two women and his interest in his mother's past.Other questions arise, but ultimately this is a satisfying novel that almost entirely delivers on its promise. A great concept that suffers from just a few too many women floating around. Try saying that to anyone other than male bar friends--whom you probably wouldn't have told, anyway, that you were reading a 21st-century gothic ghost story--and see just how far that gets you, eh?
1. What happened to Julian May?When it first came out, years ago, I read and loved the Pliocene Exiles series. Julian May became one of my favorite authors of the era. Now I was younger then, so picking up this Perseus Spur book, I must conclude that one of two things has happened: either Julian May has never been very good, and my tastes have changes; or May's writing is deteriorating. Based on the other reviews I have seen here, I wonder if it may not be the latter!2) What's wrong with it?Oh, you know, everything. But worst of all: it reads like an awkward adolescent male fantasy while Julian May is in theory a female adult. The main character's painfully bad moves on the female interest are absolutely agonizing, at every step. Moreover, none of the characters are even remotely compelling. I couldn't care less who lives, who dies, or who ends up with whom. When they do eventually get it on, it is ick ick ick. Not to mention rather improbable.One thing I particularly remember about the Pliocene books was that they had vivid characters.But the characters in Perseus Spur are flat, uninteresting, and unpersuasive.3) The story.Helmut &quot;Helly&quot; Icicle, comes out of exile to rescue his family's galactic corporation. The rich good guys win, the rich bad guys lose, and the Helly's not-rich friends from exile are forgotten by chapter three (except for the one rich friend from exile, who hangs around to save the hero a couple of times).Bad things happen to Helly: his house is eaten by a sea monster. He is staked to a comet. He is trapped in an underground bunker with a bomb. A giant alien lizard falls on him. Good things happen to Helly: the bad fortunes of his exile are reversed, snivelling corporate weasels' jaws drop when they see him returned, he isn't killed by any of the bad things, he gets the girl.But in the end, you probably won't give two figs one way or the other.4) The best thing about the book?On the back cover is a blurb quotation from the above Amazon.co.uk review. When a publisher needs to go to Amazon to take a vaguely positive blurb out of context to help sell the book, you know they are scraping the bottom of the barrel.(Ooh, but look: Amazon quotes the amazon quote in the &quot;From the back cover&quot; section. It's like mirrors receding infinitely into the distance!)
For the money, don't think I could beat it. Holds my 15.4 inch Gateway and everything that goes with it. Can also fit some paperwork, cds/dvds and whatever else I need. I've carried larger cases in the past that held more junk, but I just ended up stuffing them with things I didn't really need. This is light does what I need it to.
I was offered an anniversary gift of an espresso machine and given a limit of $200. Let's face it, there aren't a lot of us out there with $600 to $1000 to blow on our morning joe. I had tried the small steam espresso machines, but it always seemed to have a burnt taste to me. And I had a cheapie pump machine at one time, but I fell back asleep waiting for the goods, and it arrived lukewarm, to which I add cream. I already have a monster drip machine for pansy drip coffee drinkers, and it takes up way too much of my counter space. I did my research, came in $140 under budget and found the machine of my dreams!Alicia is a saucy little vixen full of vim and vigor! My hubby assembles her at night and click, the magic begins at first dawn. In about four minutes I have piping hot full-bodied bold blend. My only caution to would-be Alicia addicts is that the little pitcher really only holds one cup. It may be three espresso cups, but it's only one solid mug's worth. But that mug contains an aromatic brew of go-juice that is just delicious.I recommend that you place an order, post haste, with the company for a few extra gaskets and another filter basket, just to ensure your morning's moka continues uninterrupted for many years.
The first segment is the Sesame Street characters "on ice", and Oscar goes flying through the air, out of the ice rink, and crashes into things. Pretty scary for our 2.5 year old.
got 2 sets one fro my h2 and one for my daughter'soriginally they had sent the wrong item but they corrected the mistake really quick
Story of a mentally ill drunk who played for a short time with the Pitts' Pirates including a losing world series game who goes into a delusionary coma following a drunk driving crash going the wrong way up on the down ramp while on his way to see his dead mom who appears to him in his delusionary condition and comforts him because his daughter didn't invite him to her wedding but finally shows she really loves the old drunk because she got the book written. Lousy writing, undesirable characters, goofy circumstances...but thank goodness it was short being less than 200 pages.
I bought this and the solar powered owl for squirrels. In the ~2 months I've had this and the solar owl, the squirrel population has thinned to a few brave (or dumb) squirrels. Hard to know which one is more effective. The real test will be about now, spring time when the baby squirrels emerge and go on a rampage. It's also thinned the bird population which I have mixed feelings about but if the trade off is to reduce the number of squirrels eating my pecans, I'll be happy. Don't forget to attach the clear plastic wing into the slot on the back of the squirrels head. It ships loose in the box and can be very easily missed when unpacking the owl. It helps catch the wind and keeps the head moving. Without it, head movement will be minimal in all but strong winds.
Although far from being deep, this amusing little story is part tall-tale, part harlequin romance, part recipe book. There are 12 chapters, each one a &quot;monthly installment&quot; (the book's story does not follow the monthly pacing; it's written like a magazine serial), each month featuring a different Mexican recipe around which the whole chapter circulates. I found it to be an ingenius way to format a story, although it does arouse the appetite while reading! Be prepared to spend some time in the kitchen...The story itself centers on Tita, the youngest daughter doomed never to be allowed to marry, and on her many suitors, and the aphrodisiatic food she prepares. It is humorous, very far-fetched, over-the-top romantic sillyness...and yet still cute and warm-hearted.
I fly 12,000 miles per month. My company gives me a sucky Dell Latitude D600 running Windows 2000. This card rocks. Used together with my Bose Quiet Comfort 2 headphones I get awesome sound for music, games and movies.
These batteries have been fine. We'll see, long term, but so far so good.
I found a copy of this book for about $2 at the Strand stand at Central Park. I ended up leaving it in a hotel room halfway across the world. I loved Tropic of Cancer and Quiet Days in Clichy. This book does not compare. It is a collection of essays mostly about literature and psychology. It is a terrible book. It was painful to read the sloppy, pontificating psychoanalysis and criticism. If you like this kind of thing, fine, but if you are simply a fan of Miller's novels, beware!!!
We've now purchased three digital atomic clocks from La Crosse. One for ourselves and two for relatives. We like the large display so it can be easily read from across the room. Of course atomic means accurate and it sets itself. All three clocks have been reliable for time and batterys last a year or more. However...The outside temperature feature needs some work. Ours looses connection with the outside sending unit once a month or so and has to be reset. Even though the outside temperature module is always in the shade it reads perhaps 3-4 degrees higher than what the actual outdoor temperature is. Lastly the latest unit we purchased (WS=8117U-IT-AL) has a less than desirable mount which is best installed on a flat horizontal surface. We couldn't find a flat horizontal surface outside at my mother's house and had there been one it might have been exposed to the sun. So we mounted it on a vertical surface but the simple click in base doesn't leave one feeling that it is going to stay in place. Mom's unit also looses connection with the outside temperature sending unit.
I work for a fire department, and don't like to use slip-ons, and laces can be a bother during those late night calls and you need to wake up right away and fiddle with tying boots. This work out great, just set it up like regular laces, feed it through the lock mechanism and boom your done. Now I can use lace type high-top boots, but not worry about taking time to tie in. Just get up, slip em' on, pull the lock to tighten, and I'm done. Nothing really much else I can say about this product, besides that it works. The material feels like good quality. I'll update this after a few good calls, and see how they withstand wear and tear.
Gary Garrison's New and Improved Survival Guide is an absolute necessity for anyone who even just thinks about writing a play as well as seasoned playwrights. Mr. Garrison shares his many years of experience with no holds barred with humor and sometimes intensity. He warns, instructs and encourages with a candor that is unusual in books of this category. and is permeated with honest and no nonsense advice. This advocate for playwrights should be read by all who are committed to the field.
I wanted to build my own system for gaming and this mother board was super for what I wanted. It was easy to install and the directions were easy to follow. After buying all the hardware and finishing the installation I was surprised that my new home built system actually WORKED!
If, you like me, love the voice of Steve Walsh, then this is must have. After five years of touring with Kansas Walsh finally releases another solo cd. This time, much different than Glossolia and much more listener friendly. Although Glossolia was good it had a very dark tone to it that the typical Kansas fan might not enjoy. Plus some of the songs were just out there. I give this four stars only because you would really have expected a few more songs on this cd after a five year hiatus. If you do happen to pick this up please visit his website for a couple of extra songs that you can download to add to this cd. And where's Kansas been anyway? Five years and nothing new. Come on guys. All the fans would love to see a new release unless you're waiting on Livgren to come to the rescue again. But Livgren appears to be too busy with his band Proto-Kaw and their work on the 3rd cd for 2008. Time will tell if Kansas releases anything new again.
Dinosaurs is a great show. The dinosaurs appeal to children and there is much humor that goes over their heads but that adults can appreciate. It is one of those rare series with humor on many different levels.Dinosaurs also looks at social, family and political issues. Most of the time the episodes even cover more than one viewpoint.Dinosaurs is a great series that almost everyone will love.
I needed this book for hrdv 5610 at Webster university since it was required. It helped me in the class tremendously.
I was excited about this product because it would save water while shaving,etc.,and the gallons saved would be worth the price. However we could not install it as the teeth were not grooved correctly for application onto both of our showers' existing pipe (which are new in last 8 years). Then the rubber gasket just broke off from handling the item. We used correct plumbing wrenches to install it, and it ended up just making new threads as the metal was too soft to thread correctly. Never had the chance to use it, and see if it would work :-( We hope others have better results from it, and we sent ours back, which was refunded without problem and quickly ;-)
Regardless of what your own believes are, you have this on the back of your car and you're risking getting it "key'ed", or scractched, etc. So if you got a beat up truck or whatnot go for it, if you care what your vehicle looks like, then beware
Will smith's kid needs to learn had to act. his part made the movie horrible
Between my 4 year old daughter and my 7 year old son, we have a wide range of playmobil sets from farming to racing to construction. They are always well made, interesting to play with, and full of even the tiniest details. This one however is one of my favorites (and my daughters too :-). Of course playmobil is extremely conscious of every detail...and you will get tiny pieces that you can determine for yourself whether to include them now or later or never. This goes really well with our other farm/barn set. We set up our farm barn and this pony farm and we have a whole scene of imaginative play to go crazy with. Now, it does come apart if you are not careful to move it properly. We assemble and disassemble it on and off, and can keep the assembled farm up on the shelf where it also LOOKS cute as a display. Playmobil is one of my favorite toys for its ability to role play imaginatively. AND it has no bells and whistles...just good ol'fashion fun. When my son was younger he didn't do "role play" as much as my daughter does...so playmobil wasn't as much fun for him in that regards. He enjoyed his racing and construction pieces for the sheer ability to take apart everything and put it all back together (he's our little builder). 3 year olds of course can play with this but it may tend to fall apart easier with little hands that aren't as careful, and may require an adult to reassemble at that age. This is a great gift for a 4+ aged child who enjoys imaginative role play.
There are no soaring power ballads, no &quot;Star Search&quot; moments of vocal acrobatics, no histrionics. Instead, Toni Catlin's CD exudes a quieter brand of soulfulness that is, in a word, authentic, which is why this disc rarely leaves my changer. My personal favorites on the disc are &quot;No Justice in Love,&quot; which, having both substance AND a catchy chorus, is perhaps the closest thing here to a hit single, and &quot;Bulletproof,&quot; on which Catlin's reserve is dispensed with and we are given a glimpse of a more complicated emotional life. More kudos are given for covering Buddy &amp; Julie Miller's &quot;Sometimes I Cry.&quot;
What you see in the description photo is a stern light with a black plastic cap over the clear lens to stop upward glare. Good idea for a small boat. What you actually receive is a one piece cap with the clear plastic on top (where the black plastic is in the photo) fogged, as if with a sandblaster. This doesn't work nearly as well.It appears that Perko cheapened the design while keeping the advertising photo for the earlier and much more effective design. Other than that large issue, this light works as designed.
I wasn't expecting much after reading some of the reviews. You know alot of times you'll see a book or product rated very high or very low and you'll get the product and it will be just the opposite of how it is rated.My other 2 books on C are "Practical C Programming" by Steve Oualline and "A Book On C" by Kelly and Pohl. Practical C programming started out really good but quickly died off so I stopped reading that one. A book on C is very poorly organized and just jumps into various subject as if you have a background in C so I put that book down. I'm using these books for reference until I get other books in the mail. Since I've got C by Example I'm already on Chapter 8 and have not one complaint about the book just wish I could master these difficult topics more quickly. In fact I flipped ahead a bit and can see it is very well written and very well structured compared to the other books I have on the subject.I was very surprised after having 3 books on C and this being by far the best to see so many negative comments so I thought I would review. I mean I can go through chapter by chapter and nit pick every detail or cry and complain that this book isn't for me as other have done but seriously give it a chance. I mean come on this is a hard subject to learn and if you don't put something into it you might as well get out your shovel and put your energy into that. This is a very good book for serious beginners.I would rate this book 4 but since some of the ratings were very low I gave it a 5 but I would probably say it is a 4.5. A 4 just because it could have been better and because I don't like to rate everything 5 because it's good. 5 should be preserved for the best. My only nit pick is it is C by example but I felt I need more examples lol but what can you expect from one book. Nevertheless this book will definitely help you get up and running and learn the basic fundamentals of C in a practical way. If your expecting a holy grail to teach you everything there is to know about a complex subject that takes yrs to master good luck in finding one. Intelligent people know there's know holy grail to such a subject and if there was everyone would be programmers. This is a good choice especially for the price. It is worth just as much if not more than the other more expensive and higher rated books.I plan on reading this book about 3-5 times myself before I jump into more advanced topics to gain a solid foundation in C and I might even try those books that I put down after I read this one. Where the other books have skimmed over various topics, C by example goes into fair enough detail to learn the beginning concepts and I highly recommend it for beginners especially if this is your 1st book on C.Thank you, Mr Perry for such a great beginner book on C!!
I really enjoy dark movies of various genres- horror, science fiction, drama, etc. So I was eager to watch "The Divide", which is from director Xavier Gens (who also directed "Hitman"). The movie did quite well on the film festival circuit, where it was nominated for best feature film at both the SXSW Festival and the Toronto After Dark Festival. So this isn't supposed to be your standard late-night cable cheesy apocalyptic movie.While the cast isn't full of A-list actors, there are quite a few you will likely recognize (namely Milo Ventimiglia, Michael Biehn, and Rosanna Arquette). The plot involves a diverse group of people who are forced to hide out in an underground bunker after their city gets hit by a nuclear attack. There is obviously quite a bit of conflict between the characters, as well as some external forces. The confined people's behavior starts getting darker and darker, and there are some haunting occurrences down there.While the movie is wonderfully shot and has solid acting and music, the plot just couldn't keep me interested. The two hour running time felt long to me. The movie also introduced a subplot involving other inhabitants about 20 minutes in, but never resolved it or explained it, which was annoying. The final shot of the movie is haunting, but unfortunately, it did not make up for the rest of the movie.
I watch this DVD twice and really like it, The sister and cousin are on it and it tells a good story and I want to know want happen to here flight it leaves you wondering what happen to here airplane? I would Highly recommend it to anyone! That is how good it is.
I heard the title of this book mentioned several times, so I got it from my library and read it. It took me a while to catch on to the different kind of writing (the author is Scottish from South Africa?) I liked it very much after I got into it. I really like Mme Precious Ramotswe. I do wish the author would come up with nicknames for people like Mr. J.L.B. Matekoni. Good story. I'll probably read more.
I was a little apprehensive upon hearing a couple of the songs plus comments that it might be a shred fest again like TOT. Upon listening I was surprised that it's not. It does have its moments of shredding from Petrucci, Portnoy, and Rudess but not as excessively as I thought. Overall I gave this 4 stars and not 5 only because I don't think it stands out as their best. The one thing that really annoys me is Rudess and his keyboard (please, change it up). On the song 'Forsaken' it's just downright annoying, at least for me. Those times when he throws in his little twang throughout the song is redundant throughout all the cd's he's been on with Dream Theater. Enough already. I wonder what direction the guys would have taken if Moore hadn 't left the band. I see alot of similarities also to Scenes, especially keyboard wise and like I said, it becomes redundant. Favorite track so far would be 'Forsaken' even with the annoying keyboard effect. 'Repentance' would be another stand-out continuing the 12 step program of Portnoy's. As one reviewer said you can see how they are starting to put this together where I've also stated before to be on the look-out for this concept song to come as a cd all on its own. So, whether Portnoy will finish it up on the next cd or two or just complete it and release it on its own; we'll just have to wait and see. I really can't say a whole lot in the negative here because it is a solid release and way better then what's on the mainstream today. Good for us on what the mainstream is missing out on. And for all those radio stations like WMMR of Philadelphia that claim they have it going on with new music, shame on them for not playing all the great bands that are currently out there in the progressive scene that just blow away anything that they are currently playing. If you're not familiar with Dream Theater you might want to start with 'Images and Words' or 'Awake' to get your appetite wet before moving on to their other cd's. And for all those fans out there who keep denouncing LaBrie as not right for the band and no longer a credible singer, please, move onto some other group to trash. Your opinions just don't matter in that regard. Even though sometimes I don't agree with some of the musical style of a cd, either LaBrie or Dream Theater, he is still a great fit for the band. They would never have gotten this far if he hadn't of signed on after their first cd. Enjoy!
I'm about to go buy the three used copies that are available on Amazon to give to friends. They are people that need to learn "Telling Animals Apart," which this book will thankfully demonstrate.
I have tried other "through the glass" antennas, and had my doubts about this one. But it works great.
I wasn't expecting much for the price on this shirt, but it exceeded my expectations. I've worn it several times now and it washes/presses very well without the seams getting bunched.
This is a very complete history of Ronald Reagan and term of the 40th president. It's long, nearly 4 1/2 hours, but it covers a lot of ground. Love him or hate him, it's hard to resist his infectious optimism. For a historical look at Reagan's presidency I couldn't imagine a better place to start.
Well, if you look at the packaging the only special feature is the trailer. (Woo hoo! It's about time!)I'm not sure if they're finally releasing it in its deserved widescreen because the packaging doesn't say one way or the other. (The antici....pation is killing me!)But it will have 2 English language tracks! And BOTH in 2.0! (Man, you guys really went all out!) Well, to give the studio credit, one of the tracks is lossless HD, so you won't have to listen to all that horrible hissing noise you will (not) hear (anyway) on that rusty old Dolby Digital track.So let's review all the great features missing from this disk:No commentary track.No documentaries.No interviews.No French or Spanish language tracks.(But there are French and Spanishsubtitles for the kids to enjoyreading)Nada. Zero. Zilch. Zip.And the trailer. (Haaaaaleluja!)Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau. Two of the greatest film actors of the 20th century in the greatest movie of their twilight years and this is all the respect they get?Warner Bros. ... you suck.
Another great DVD. Shawn Trautman has a unique ability to give excellent instruction that is detailed, clear and presented in a logical order that is easy to learn from. All of the lessons on this DVD were easy to follow and the picture-in-picture close-up shots of their feet were very helpful. The lessons move at a pace well-suited for someone who likes detailed instruction yet wants to keep moving forward at a good clip. I love country music, and the music selection on this DVD was energetic and kept my interest. During the 2-step lesson, I was inspired to pick up my guitar to see if I could figure out the picking pattern - VERY COOL! We went through this DVD just one time and felt very comfortable, even though the polka wore us out (who would want to dance that one over and over??) :-) Five stars.
The latest and most compelling addition to the Charlie Parker series. The research is meticulous, the characters are sharply drawn and John Connolly's rich and resonating prose remains unsurpassed by the majority of his peers. Thoroughly recommended.
I really have a good handle on this disc. First of all, the disc would be better if this were Medeski, Martin, & Wood backed up by John Scofield. Scofield is an aquired taste. His tone is grating. His playing is halting; little phrases. He is abstract; you can't get a hold on him. You don't know where he starts or ends. He plays too much on this disc. He is annoying. MMW is unbelievable. Inventive; deep grooves; Hip-Hop, Rock, Free Jazz, Pop: really the new generation of what's happening now. Ultra hip Acid Jazz. Deep Grooves. The absolute best. Why are they backing Scofield up. If the disc had them out in front, It would be great, really great. The question really is WHY ARE THEY PLAYING THIS FUNK STUFF? Who is listening to this anymore. Otis Redding is dead. Boogaloo is dead. Some of this is idiotic. It's 2001. This is Atlantic Records 1965. Funky Broadway. Arthur Conley. Why does Scofield play this stuff. MMW is held back the whole disc. Playing Funk behind Scofield. The best tracks are the ones where MMW are allowed to stretch out and play. "Chank", "Green Tea", "Hottentot", and "Chicken Dog", are the best tracks, cause I'm hearing that incredible Hammond B-3 ( I love the B-3), that inventive drumming, and that deep deep bass. MMW discs are so in, this stuff is so out. I would never drag this out and tell someone "you've got to hear this". This disc could have been the best of all time with this lineup. Why did I give it 5 stars? There are people who can deal with the abstract playing of John Scofield. There are people who like this type of stuff. I just adore MMW. If you are a person who likes any one of these three things, buy this disc, you will love the playing. MMW is no one's backup band. WHY DO JAZZ PEOPLE PLAY THIS TYPE OF MUSIC. IT IS SO OUT. JAZZ IS SUPPOSED TO BE HIP. AUGHHHH!
THe first batch of Pollini's Mozart recording.The two favorite concerti by W.A. Mozart under the baton of legendary Mozartian Karl Boehm, with the relatively young Maurizio Pollini.These are exemplary performances. I personally rank these two ahead of Murray Perahia's with the English Chamber Orchestra. Pollini has more lyricism and a much fuller and warmer tone than Perahia.The No. 23 is hidden in nostalgia, and the slow movement (second) is tear-wrenching under the hands of Pollini.Leaves me to wonder why it took Pollini a full 30 years before he ventured again into Mozart in his recordings.I for one would love to hear him play the No. 27 and No. 20 concerti.
Another great Lodge product. Cast Iron makes frying easy. You get a uniform heat distribution over the cooking service. Much better than Aluminum that has "hot" spots that causes burns in some areas...The skillet requires no conditioning before cooking...Wash gently by hand...
This is my second Makita hypoid saw. The first one was still going strong after 12 years of moderate use before it was stolen. It is annoying that there is no tool case with this saw. I purchased a steel Milwaukee worm drive saw case, which works well, but it is another $55. I have also used Skill worm drive saws and I prefer the feel of the Makita. It has plenty of power and will cut through anything as long as the blade is reasonably sharp and not pinched/binded in the kerf. Both saws (and all worm/hypoid saws) are heavy and thus not easy to use in awkward positions (overhead, sideways, etc.).
I'm a massage therapist, and this is one of my favorite CD's to use in the office. Another reviewer called this "dance-trance" music. That's because it's both rhythmic and relaxing. Nature sounds, flutes, drums, guitar, keyboard, strings &amp; vocal chants combine to create a musical portrait of the Grand Canyon. This is faster-paced than most massage music, but a perfect accompaniment nonetheless.
I believe these movies came out in the 70's. I was very impressed with the sound and picture quality. I remember seeing both of these movies when I was very young--they were really scary! I recommended these movies to a friend in work and he watched them with his young daugter--she had a hard time sleeping that night. It seems these two movies are just as scary today as they were when they first aired in the 70's. These movies are two of my all time favorits.
times when women everywhere are losing their rights and freedoms left and right. Reproductive freedom is under attack in America. White nationalists are worried about "race suicide" because so few white women are bearing more than two children. Feminism is under attack by right-wingers and religious organizations.This book is about Offred's life and escape from anti-life, anti-woman, totalitarian religious republic of Gilead, where fertile women are forced to breed and to relinquished their children for elite women reminiscence of the age of slavery in which black slave women have no control over her reproduction and that her children and husband can be taken away from her at anytime. Marthas are to be work drones for the elite, much like black housekeepers during slavery and segregation. Jezebels were to be hidden from society in state-licenced brothels/bars to please the commanders and foreign dignitaries(mainly Japanese and Middle Eastern) on demand. Nonwomen are to be worked to death so that they won't be of any challenge to the male-dominant elite. Dissenters are to be put to death as soon as possible as are those of other religions. Blacks are to be relocated to "homelands," which are nothing more than death camps. Those from "unofficial" religions either convert or die. No middle ground exists. Everything is either/or, us/them, women/unwomen, etc.Offred has done everything in her power to survive in such an inhumane society. She knew that if she doesn't get pregnant within a limited time period that she would be condemned to the colonies where most women worked themselves to death or being slowly poisoned by the nuclear waste there. Working at Jezebels is no real choice either because once a woman fail to please the powerful men who frequent there, she'll be dead as well. Being impregnated by doctors is risky proposition. She could be execution for doing so. Reeking of double standars, huh?This book and the movie adaption is very chilling to the very soul and should be recommended to those with thick skin and the serious-minded.
The following review refers to a previous DVD edition. Somehow this got attached to the new "collector" edition which, judging by at least one other review, looks to be pretty good. Go ahead and get this edition, and pay no mind to what follows:I won't go on about how great this movie is. I leave that to the other reviewers. What I will talk about is the dreadful job that has been done releasing this. The picture is grainy. They didn't clean up the scratches on the film. The sound quality on the Japanese track is okay, but is shockingly poor on the english dub. Trust me, even if you prefer dubs to subs, you won't like this. They also put the subtitles on the picture itself instead of below it like they used to. I advise you to wait for the Project A-ko collection. Rent it first, and see if they don't do a better job. It's a shame. This movie deserves better.
If you're looking for cutesy graphics, railroaded quests, constant hand holding, and the ability to get to over level 9000 in two days then this is not the game for you.Warning to people who played Oblivion first: the character models are butt-ugly without mods. The clothing is butt-ugly without mods. this game will challenge you, and make you use your damn brain. It won't hold your hand, you WILL get lost. You will have to plan ahead.But that's what I love about it! It's an intelligent game for intelligent players. I've beat it several times, with different types of characters.The people who play this game for two days then whine it's ugly/they got lost/couldn't figure it out should give it another shot. It's kind of like dating a less attractive member of the opposite sex who is very brilliant and who will challenge you, as opposed to the brain dead but gorgeous model that is Oblivion.
Haemoth are a Black Metal duo hailing from France. Although they've put out a couple of other albums, this is the first of their work readily available on this side of the Atlantic.If asked to describe their sound, I would say their raw, kitchen-blender-turned-on-high guitar sound reminds me of early Gorgoroth, 1349, and fellow Frenchmen Antaeus, and the highly distorted Black Metal vocals bring to mind San Francisco's Crebain.I was actually surprised to find this available here on Amazon because I'd say that these guys are pretty underground-style Black Metal, and far from the Dimmu-influenced mainstream.Haemoth are fond of beginning songs with quiet and eerie little instrumental interludes -- then hitting you over the head with a sudden vicious surprise Black Metal crescendo attack.The final 3 tracks are taken from their 2004 split with Nemeton, and I find them even more satisfyingly raw than the rest.So if you like bands still putting out what I would call true Black Metal like Sargeist, Pest, Tsjuder, Urgehal and 1349, I would say this is definitely worth checking out.-- But hurry, this disc is a limited edition of only 2000 copies!
This book is designed much like a glossary or dictionary. Content specific terms are merely listed and defined. It contains no attractive or appealing charts, graphs, illustrations, pictures, photos, or captions. However, the book is printed in easy to read typeface and bold print. It is very easy on the eyes. It contain few techniques and strategies for successful instruction as the title suggests. It has the definition of these terms, but few how to details. For example, the book lists a very common reading term annecdotal records but it has no examples of the technique nor does it tell you how to successfuly implement this form. The book also mentions formal and informal tests, but it does not give you any examples of what these are, i.e., norm-referenced and criterion referenced, etc. Although the book contains a significant amount of scholarship, the format and layout of the publication is challenging. In some places it is indented and the following paragraph is not indented. There is just too much information squeezed onto a single page--very busy. With that being said, it is good for a quick at-a-glance refernce much like a glossary or dictionary.
Jack's Links has virtually taken over the market for jerky here in Texas and with good reason.This is definitely addictive stuff and won't yank your dental work out of your head. It's the only jerky that one of our denture-wearing relatives can manage to eat. I personally have grown tired of jerky that you have to gnaw on for days.I just saw the new Maple and Brown Sugar version and am ordering it now, along with this Prime Rib version, which we have purchased several times already.The savings here at Amazon aren't much at all, a few cents per bag, but since there's a $10 off promotion on 39 dollars or more, it's now a bargain for sure!
One could argue whether this album is better than Vulture Street, but I still can't concede that. What it does offer is a quantum leap from previous work in melodic groove, song writing, and a heightened maturity of the band in almost every facet. The grungers will say it's too mainstream, but it wasn't really meant for them---as most of the Fingers work wasn't either. This is the album that sends Powderfinger in the direction they ultimately wanted to go. There are CLASSIC songs here "Waiting For The Sun", "My Happiness", "Up & Down & Back Again, "My Kind of Scene, "We Should Be Together Now, etc. This is a must buy if you're just tapping into Powderfinger. You won't be sorry.
If not for Paramount's dogged insistence on over-pricing Voyager (& all its other Star Trek series DVD sets years after their release), I think more people would have a chance to get to know this solid & entertaining series. And this applies to US issues of these DVD sets. Amazon UK sells Voyager sets for under $20; even with shipping, that's a fraction of the cost here. True, there were a few episodes that were really, really dreadful. (Think Janeway & Tom Paris turning into giant lizards and mating. I kid you not.) But on the whole, this series depicted a hardy band of space refugees far from home, just trying to make it day by day as they trekked laboriously from one end of the galaxy to the other. This really is Star TREK. That's what made Voyager such a refreshing change from the normal & sometimes boring milleu of Klingons & Cardassians & Romulans & Vulcans & and Federation political correctness & such. With Voyager, pretty much anything was possible. The crew was admittedly plain vanilla for the most part, but they got the job done. Two characters in particular have to be near the top of anyone's Trek list--the Doctor & Seven of Nine (after season 3). Those two, just brilliant creations. If you've never dipped into Voyager, try to rent Season 1 or stream it. Or do like I did, and patiently wait for a reasonable price. It does happen.
This album should not only be in the Hall of Fame, but Ring Of Honor, Walk Of Fame, and all that! It is an outstanding debut. Let me tell you that I am not one of those kid street team members or anything like that, I am being really sincere when I meant that this disc is amazing.Also, just like my review from back in the day, I would like to add that yeah, Nicole is still really hot. Buy this now!!
While in a doctor's office, I saw an excerpt from the book, &quot;Portraits of Guilt&quot;, and began to read. It grabbed me by the throat. I am not a great reader. It was even more odd for me to purchase a book from an excerpt. Was I glad I did.The book is very personal. Almost like reading someone's journal. Ms. Boylan is to be admired for stickingby her guns and her principles. Her trials became my trials. I felt what she was feeling. During my reading, there were, at times, when I stopped reading and openly sobbed. I am glad there are people like her in the world.However, this writing could be in vain if the next publication she comes out with is not a textbook showing others how to do what she has done.
I love all of Lidia's Italian cooking shows. She is a very good teacher and explains things clearly. I've tried many of her recipes and they are wonderful. I also like the style of her presentation -- organized and calm, but with plenty of explanations and interesting points. She often has guests, whether other chefs or family. People on Lidia's shows feel comfortable being there, and it makes me feel comfortable watching the show and learning. I really detest the Food Network shows -- I don't need someone shouting "Bam!" at me or having flashy camerawork to be entertained. I'm a cook and I'm not watching these shows to get some sort of adrenaline rush. Lidia's style is more Zen-like and focuses on an understanding of the creative process in cooking, which is my personal preference in a cooking show.The one complaint I have about this particular series is that it is very expensive. It would be nice if it were more affordable.
Be careful, the brushed nickel stains easily. If you have some type of cleansers on your hands you can permanently stain it easily. I would never buy this again, only chrome.Within a year the sprayer became so weak it was nearly useless.At 5 years we had to replace the main valve and now a year later the diverter valve for the sprayer needs changed. Plumbers? Get out your check book.This house was plumbed 100% with Kohler. It is 15 years old. at 10 years old we had replaced 6 Kohler faucet sets from bad pitting on surfaces. Now we have a leaking Kohler shower valve. Needless to say we have not replaced anything with Kohler and let the company know it.Bad valve? They will send the original owner a replacement-- for the $16 valve a plumber will charge $100 to replace. Thanks, Kohler. Shower valve? $200.I recommend you check other brands. I think the Forte design gave up quality for appearence.Fool me once...
I'd give this novel a 4.5 if I could. It isn't the top of the line as Falco stories go, but it's so far superior to most other historical mysteries that I hated to rate it less than 5. This is the novel that contains Davis's most waggish bit of BRITISH fun, on page 135 (paperback version):&quot;It was a hundred years since Rome decided to civilize the Gauls;. . . I am prepared to concede that one day the three cold Gallic provinces will come up with a contribution to the civilised arts--but nobody is going to convince me that it will be mastery of cuisine.&quot;My best friend, married to a Frenchman who is an excellent home-kitchen chef, fell off her chair at that one, as I had done when I read it a few years earlier! And that's just one sample of Davis's mordant sense of &quot;tweak.&quot;I demand to know why this book is out of print!
With his 'Athens' mix, New York legendary DJ Danny Tenaglia quite possibly gives the most cohesive set of tracks in the entire Global Underground series, with John Digweed's 'Los Angeles' mix following close behind. Danny spins us some deep, dark, shallow, and minimal-sounding records, inviting us on a journey through the subterranean.This mix, released in 1998, was a precursor to the flood of Dark Progressive House and Deep Trance tracks that would quickly surface afterwards. John Digweed seems to have been heavily influenced by Danny, releasing his &quot;groundbreaking&quot; (but not so groundbreaking) Global Underground 'Hong Kong' mix a year later, mimicing the same deep and dark vibe found on this CD.Standout tracks include Scumfrog's mesmerizing 'Watersong', Miss Kittins' neurotic 'Frank Sinatra', and Tilt's ever-fascinating 'Seduction of Orpheus'. As a whole, there are few mix CDs out that are so fluid. It's almost as if Danny is weaving a story through the music he plays. Any serious listener knows that the order of the songs played AS WELL AS the track selection are what make a DJ mix great. This is what separates the amateur from the professional.This CD is not for everyone and it's not for every occasion. Some tracks may bore the heck out of the listener with over 3 minutes of the same repetitive beats, but listen to it late at night right before bed, with all the lights out, and it will work its magic.&gt;&gt;&gt; 5 stars. This is a very enjoyable journey through the dark, brought to you by one of the most talented disc jockeys on the planet.- the enlightened one
1. Para Bailar2. Sal Y Arena3. El Guapo4. Siempre Alegre5. Desesperada6. Asi Me Gusta A Mi7. El Tostadero8. Vuelve Hacia Mi9. Dime Tu10. La Bruja Loca11. El Tostadero (with Celia Cruz)
I picked this movie up because I love westerns. When the film started, I could tell I was in trouble as the production values seemed to be lacking and some wooden dialogue delivered during the stagecoach hold-up. Once I accepted the level of feature I was watching, I adjusted my expectations and tried to accept Hell to Pay for the low budget 60s or 70s TV western that it really is. There are some good action scenes in the film, and the old western town is authentic (there is a nice bonus feature on the DVD regarding the classic western back-lots). Lee Majors was billed as a co-star in Hell to Pay, but he really only makes a cameo. See it if you are a true oaterphile, but I can't recommend it to anyone else.
This film has been released so many times and always in poor quality. Not this time - this is a truly magnificent transfer. The vison and sound are the best!!!!! A bonus feature is to isolate the soundtrack - oh boy do you get a sound like no other - it is truly magnificent!!!!!!! I write this on behalf of Perry Como fans - buy this now - you will not be disappointed - thank you so much 20th Century Fox!!!!!!
I know a lot of people, especially in the chopper or MC world, eschew saddlebags as an unnecessary frivolity. I find that I just have to have a way to carry things around that doesn't involve a backpack. When I bought myCruz Tools Tool Kit, the wife asked me when I was ever going to need a tool that I couldn't keep in the garage. I patiently explained that the whole point of the Cruz kit was to have a comprehensive set of tools that I could use to make minor repairs on the road. With a skeptical look in her eye she then asked me where I was going to keep it - and I promptly bought theSaddlemen tool pouch. I use the tools all the time, admittedly usually in someone's garage, but occasionally a minor fix would be needed on the road and I've got some tools to accomplish that. And a way to carry them around.I've tried a couple of different saddlebag vendors over the years and I've been happiest with the bags from Saddlemen. You can get cheaper bags, and I have, but I've always regretted it. I recently purchased some $40 bags, just to have something to keep stuff in when I ride. I immediately regretted it. The bags looked cheap and almost instantly started to deteriorate before my eyes. I eventually replaced every rivet holding the bags together with nuts and bolts before I decided to replace them. Saddlemen bags are extremely well made with heavy stitching, tough hardware and appear to have been designed by someone who actually rides.The tattoo series offers a touch of style beyond the usual conchos and fringe. My particular bike has a flame theme (flame stitched Corbin Gunfighter seat, mirrors,footpegs, grips, etc.) and the colors are H-D orange and black, so these bags matched my bike like they'd been custom-made for it. That said, these bags don't arrive ready to throw over your bike - there's some assembly required.When the bags arrive, you have to take a few minutes and attach the cover flaps (the part with the stitching) to the bags (the part you keep stuff in.) Once you see what is needed, it really is a breeze to do, I just found the directions a little vague. One tip I can offer: keep all of your parts and tools *in* the bag you're working on. That way when you drop something, it'll land in the bag and not go rolling down your driveway. Saddlemen helpfully provide extra hardware, just in case you lose something. Also, you'll need a tiny 7mm wrench to hold the acorn nut still while you crank down the screws attaching the flap to the bag. I looked all over the directions and couldn't find this vital piece of information. Oh sure, you could use a pair of pliers - but, doggone it, I bought all of these tiny metric wrenches for a reason!Saddlemen makes a great product and I've never, ever been disappointed in the quality. I've never had to resort to customer service with a problem, but I have had some friends who did and they uniformly report a positive experience.Great bags and now you don't have an excuse for not carrying around a couple of useful tools and a jacket for that unexpected squall.
as a performance artist interested in being able to create my own multi-media projects i enthusiastically bought this rubbish software. the installation seemed fine, but very soon after it crashed so often that i got to where i was saving my project after every change just so i wouldn't lose my work. the texts and fonts don't work, it jumps around trying to guess your intentions (almost as badly as microsoft word's auto-correct), it only burns to dvd about 1 time in 10, and the rendering process can exceed 12 hours for only 25 minutes of material. expect to be on hold from 30-60 minutes for technical support (not a toll-free number), and don't expect the menu options to be saved properly. the one time it created a dvd properly it was absolutely beautiful; however, i worked much too hard to get so little out of the program. i also had to rebuild my entire system FOUR times after the computer stopped booting (note: i have a 2.6 ghz processor, 512 meg ram, and 120 gig, with windows xp media edition -- don't try to blame these problems on my system!)... i'm going to try the sony product: it averages about 4 stars from other users and costs the same or less.
The movie was beautifully filmed, the actors were well-known, and the writing was superb. The only problem is that soldiers did not comb and spray their hair before an excursion, the average day did not have a spectacular sunset, and war is not poetic. I really wanted to like this movie, but the many loose ends within just were not tied together. When too many variables of a movie are made to be perfect, some aspects of reality are lost. I watched this movie and just had a terribly hard time believing it. Play this movie for a war veteran and most, I think, would tell you they had little time to ponder the questions of life presented within it. This movie is like too much sugar in a cake... It makes it too hard to swallow.
After Nick kills a man, he begins to have an affair with the man's daughter.Really, I mean, "movie logic" I can buy since it's over in 2 hours. But with a book, you can be in the mind of the character and in this case, Nick falls too easily "in love" with the victim's daughter.But the plot moves along nicely and I did finish the book -- but I didn't believe a minute of it.
This book of short stories is a mixed bag, but well worth reading if you've enjoyed Zelazny's other work. Zelazny is the author of the Amber series, which I've read and reviewed here in the past. The stories in Manna From Heaven are drawn from work he published between 1964 and (posthumously) 1996. It concludes with five short pieces that take place in the Amber universe.In the introduction, writer Steven Brust glows and gushes about Zelazny's genius, praising his ability to "simultaneously confuse and reassure" the reader. I know just what he means! OK, I don't feel quite like Zelazny was a genius, but I have immense respect for his talent, and I get what Brust is saying. I have to admit that a few of the short pieces (they range from a third of a page to 37 pages in length) left me shaking my head, glancing back at various passages, and generally asking "wha'appen?" But I found most of them enjoyable, anyway. It's the journey, and Zelazny isn't afraid to let his readers lose the path and try to find it again."Epithalamium" was a fun piece in which we meet an elderly Alice, sent back through the looking glass; I also liked "The Furies," in which three eccentric but oddly gifted individuals join forces to track a fugitive across the planets and capture him... all from the comfort of home.The concluding Amber pieces were a brief but melancholy last look into this universe sprung from Zelazny's imagination. Each story was interesting and enjoyable, especially "Coming To A Cord," which is told from the perspective of an intelligent, animate, uh, length of string. The Amber stories left me a bit melancholy, though. It was clear that Zelazny had more to say about Amber and its counterpart world, Chaos, and there are hints here at new intrigues, twists and turns that the author would never have the chance to explore. And that is our loss.
Fantastic action permeates this popcorn feature as Pierce Brosnan reprises his role as over-the-top British spymaster 007. Obviously a lot of thought and design went into the creation of this picture, which seems to blend more of Star Trek technology with typical action fare, but where it falls short is about halfway through when even the most sophisticated of gadgets can't keep the story afloat.Has Bond always been over the top with gadgets and cheesey? Absolutely. But after the first half of the movie was over, I was hoping it would end abruptly in a blaze of glory. Bond films have increasingly become more of a forum for product placement than having any self identity. Brosnan simply does not have the presence, I feel, in this movie to pull it off on his own.The other acting was mostly painful, with Halle Berry playing it cool through most of the movie. Pierce isn't too bad himself, but the script leaves much to be desired. John Cleese plays another thankless role as Q, and our villains are incredibly out of touch with their Muse. I haven't seen hammier acting since Dudley Do-right (the cartoon).And so I must confess that I am partial to the Bonds starring Sean Connery, and always will be. That said, I thought the three previous Bonds were acceptable, if a bit long. This Bond feels like it tops them all at 132 minutes. The DVD begins by playing a long preview for the DVD boxed sets, and then a long loading navigation menu, which only added to my time at the start.The extras on disc two are ample and enough to keep any Bond junkie happy for a quite a while though. Also, there is some breathtaking cinematography to be seen in this picture, and the sound on my home system was excellent.If you're a Bond fan, by all means indulge with a warning that the downward spiral of Bond seems to have reached its lowest point yet. If not, keep this one in the middle of your viewing list for a mindless popcorn movie night.
This is one of my favorite books and for many reasons. Roth's writing, while seemingly over-the-top is actually a tightly controlled, rippingly savage attack on all sorts of sacred cows: post-WWII America, polite society, Jewish traditions in America, family relations, the psychiatric trends of the 1960s, and so much more. Sure, Alexander Portnoy is one of the most repugnant anti-heroes in American literature but that doesn't distract from Roth's intelligent word play. The set-up, with a self-absorbed and self-obsessed patient venting wildly to an unseen psychiatrist, gives Roth plenty of opportunity to play around while ploughing through the "story" of Alexander Portnoy's life. The riffs allow for plenty of flashbacks and flash forwards, exotic wordplay, and larger-than-life characterizations. The highly personal nature of Portnoy's complaining obviously gets ribald, but that doesn't make this a "..." piece of literature. Portnoy emerges as a ... jerk--though a thoroughly entertaining jerk.This is a book to read, re-read, and re-read again. There's lots of gold to be found here.
Keywords: Child abuse, child abuse, child abuse. Disguisting, disgraceful. Why does Amazon carry such books?
About half of this movie was enjoyable, then it quickly went downhill. The first part was a family movie, and the second was like a Saturday Night Live skit. Robert Duval and Mike Ditka were wonderful as the neighbors from hell, and dad from Hell (Duval). There are a lot of lessons in this movie that you don't want your kids to learn, as well as some choice swearing by Ditka in the bonus feature section. Why?? Did they think the kids needed more vocabulary words? Thanks, but no thanks.I'm not a fan of Will Farrell, especially after wasting good money seeing Anchor Man at a movie theatre, but I wanted to like this movie. Too bad.
This is one unusual review of one the "Big Three" of the Russian Avant-Garde Music (the other 2 being Roslavets and Louri&eacute;)Mossolov music can appear sometimes distant and somewhat too abstract even by our today's standards. In this CD however you will hear Mossolov on a complete range of mood, not only his avant garde style. By listening to more "easy" pieces you will realise how the real mastery of Mossolov was, the same way an abstract painter shows his complete mastery by painting a classic Still paint like Picasso, Dali or Kandisky have shown...The 4 pieces are a really moving piece, so warm, deep and filled with subtle sorrow... The more famous Newspaper announcement are a real must also.Once again the Moscow Contemporary Music Ensemble shows not only his complete mastery and command of the 20th century repertoire but also his ubiquitous capacity of making his a very wide range of moods and expression as shown in this music.Highly recommended!
If you can get the audiobook version, do! It's read by Anne Hathaway, who played Mia in the movie, and is perfect in the role. One of the best-read books I've ever heard. The book was well-written, and was enjoyable for adults too. The pop references weren't strained, and didn't sound like an adult trying to "relate". What fun. I can't wait to listen to the whole set.
This is a 10" (254 mm) Dobsonian mounted reflector from Zhumell - a company in Minnesota that used to be known for binoculars - but I think that these scopes will change that.It has a 1250 mm focal length, and a ratio of F/4.92. The reported limiting magnitude is 14.52 and the reported maximum theoretical magnification is 600X. The resolving power is reported to be 0.46. The mirror is pyrex and aluminum oxide / silver oxide coated and center marked. With no extras you should get 139X out of the 9 mm. I bought a 3X barlow as well that takes it up to 417X and it handles that very easily. Nice and clear with good contrast. I'll likely order a 6mm eyepice soon to push the limit.It came with a nice bright 8X50 finder scope, a fan (which takes 8 AA batteries), a great 2" dia. 32mm wide field lens and a 1.25" 9mm Plossl. It also came with a really useful laser collimeter and a moon filter for the short lens.It is a large and heavy scope. It will fit in the back seat of your car but you won't want to move it much. Although you can carry it, it isn't the kind of thing that you want to move around the yard 20 times in a night.It went together quickly (45 min.) and easily, and everything was there - great. It took less than a minute to collimate it with the included laser collimeter- awesome.I looked at a lot of scopes before buying this one and it is really the best value for the money out there.Unfortunately it has been quite cloudy since I got it so I can't comment much on the views except to say that in a small window I ran outside and saw an amazing number of crisp, clear stars for an hour. It is definitely able to pull in a lot of light and the limiting magnitude reported is likely on the money.The focuser is beautiful, very stable and easy to use (both fine and coarse with locks on 2" and 1.25" lenses.Dobs are what they are, but in that class, this base is as stable and easy to use as I've seen. It is easy to point and generally stays put.One minor point, I had read about the (lack of) directions and printed them from the Zhumell web site before it arrived. I don't know why they don't just include them with the scope but they should. It was painless though.Overall, this is a great value.Update: After a couple of weeks of waiting - finally a clear night, a bit more info. The views of the moon are stunning, especially with a 3X barlow. The big lens is just awesome for general constellation and cluster viewing. Jupiter is confirmed present in the solar system and with significant color variation in the surface. It has been too close to the moon lately so I still haven't seen the dot but it looks like I could. It is also clear enough that I'm hoping to see ones of its moons cross it but I haven't been that lucky yet.The only issue with mount has been that the bolts attaching the pivot ears to the tube all came loose last night. They have lock washers and were easy to retighten so they must have just not been as tight as they could have been from the factory. Not a problem, just something to watch out for.UPDATE:We moved recently and a mirror mount bolt apparently vibrated out and was lost in transit. I emailed Hayneedle who is the retailer for these scopes and they don't sell parts but were kind enough to mail me two from a returned scope free of charge. Now that's customer service!
History of the Blues is criticized for the author's &quot;cynicism,&quot; but the author is justified in seeking to modify or correct much of the last century's &quot;blues scholarship.&quot; The book is more valuable because Davis doesn't accept the suppositions and theories of earlier writers, and in the first chapters the author establishes that &quot;the blues&quot; are far more complex, socially and musically, than we've been led to believe. He writes with wit and plenty of feeling - but the feeling expressed is one of annoyance with blues and folk &quot;scholars&quot; who have either not researched very thoroughly, or who have deliberately ignored facts that subvert their simplistic theories. What are the blues? Where did they come from? What's happened to the blues since mid-century? Davis examines all of these questions and comes up with some reasonable and provocative answers. The book isn't meant to be a study of individual blues musicians; such works have already been written (by Samuel Charters, Peter Guralnick, Pete Oliver) and they were well-done. The History of the Blues is a very readable account of a century of confusion, best approached with an open and attentive mind.
Expensive but high quality. Great for travel or ganging drives. Less wire clutter. Can be found cheaper.
He has a voice of an angel and the music is soothing. I could listen to him sing the phonebook - he's THAT good! : )
Isn't fun. The characters are corny and stupid. It's dumb. It's not fun. It's just a clone of Grand Theft Auto. It's got slow down issues. It's basically the same open sandbox game as GTA but it doesn't have the comedy or satire of GTA. Dumb. I spent $60.00 for it played it for a couple of hours and never played it again. I sold it a week later. Dumb game.
Excellent value! I sue it for my digital camera. Getting another one for my Ipod and daughters Disney MP3 player.
Many out there will put this down to over-inflated expectations, but, from its oddball, is-this-a-joke-or-what title to its reliance on pop music cliches both lyrical and musical, Dead Bees On A Cake is a disappointment. The album does have its moments, but not enough to make it the essential listen that most of Sylvian's previous albums have been.In its favor, the Dead Bees On A Cake maintains a mostly warm, intimate feel throughout (&quot;I surrender&quot;, the first single, is the best example of this), and there are flashes of past brilliance (&quot;Pollen path&quot; has some of the feel of Sylvian/Fripp's The First Day album, &quot;The shining of things&quot; would be right at home on Secrets Of The Beehive, and the instrumentation of &quot;Praise&quot; and &quot;Darkest dreaming&quot; recalls Flux &amp; Mutability).On the other hand, too many of the songs resort to cliches - &quot;Midnight sun&quot;, the 'let me take you down...' refrain of &quot;Cafe Europa&quot;, and the line 'couldn't leave you if I tried' from &quot;Thalheim&quot; are prime examples - that make them somewhat predictable, and &quot;Wanderlust&quot; switches gears into an uncomfortably American-sounding progression that recalls some of the worst of late-seventies/early-eighties MOR album rock.Worst of all are the cliches that have befallen many rock stars once they've found happiness in their personal lives. He's included his wife in the proceedings (just like Lennon and McCartney), he's written a boring song for his kid (just like Lennon, Paul Weller, Eric Clapton, etc.), and he's found Eastern-based religion and a guru and incorporated elements of both in his music (just like George Harrison). This is particularly disappointing, especially since David Sylvian has spent much of his solo career distancing himself from the usual pop/rock cliches - or at least incorporating them only on rare occasions, and only when using them gave the songs greater impact.Finally, the patchwork quality of the album makes it less enjoyable as an overall experience. It's commendable that not every song sounds the same, but there does not seem to be even a consistent feel that unifies the album as a complete work. Sylvian has admitted that other things distracted his attention away from the music during the recording of this album; unfortunately, it shows.The final verdict? Dead Bees On A Cake works quite well if you're just playing it in the background, at reduced volume, while you're doing something else - but it doesn't inspire the careful, attentive listening and total immersion of his earlier works.
It just didn't hold up to the excellent standard of music coming from Cross Movement Records.
This cd is unlike anything Blink has ever made. They have finally matured and have done a great cd doing it. If your looking for a pop rock album, I dont think you'll like this album. But if you want good, unique rock than Blink will deliver. I have been a Blink fan since Enema and have heard everything since Dude Ranch, and I definitely see improvement in this album. You can definitely see maturity on songs such as &quot;I Miss You&quot; and &quot;Down&quot;. &quot;Violence&quot; has a nice &quot;hip-hop&quot; like rhythm to it, and &quot;Stockholm Syndrome&quot; and &quot;Go&quot; shows their old punk roots. Overall the album is very solid and has great ideas, definitely a must buy.
This cd blows nothing worth listening to. Really sucks the big unit. One of there worst cds.thank you very muchyour welcome
Originally presented in three individual volumes. The artwork of alan davis was never in question, however the story was billed as a world without superman? So, how absurd was the ending of the story where the &quot;world without superman&quot; was saved by, none other than,...superman. Go figure. On the plus side the two stars I gave the book were earned by Hal Jordan (Green Lantern) and Hawkwoman two characters that turned in wonderful performances.
Preserver, the last book of the mirror universe trilogy by William Shatner with Judith & Garfield Reeves-stevens, taking place in 2375 is, in a way, the best Shatner book so far. In fact, (again...) in a way, it's one of the most satisfying Star Trek books I've read.The storytelling is examplarory, the writing as full of nuances as it can be, the characterization incredibly well done. The story is structured in a way that doesn't allow the reader to lose interest for one second. And it works as the best ending to the trilogy. To both of the Shatner trilogies.But...The premise is so faulty in the terms of credibility, I'm frankly surprised the writers ever even considered making the story the way it endet up being done.&lt;
I started reading Hellblazer from the beginning recently. And I have to tell you...the first 40 issues suck root. I kept plodding through thinking it had to get better. And it did. As soon as Garth Ennis took over writing duties. The first 40 issues were quite literally painful. I can't even begin to tell you all the things I hated about this book until Delano went away. After that, it actually starts to get interesting. Save your money and invest in some of the later books.
This is Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's best-known Sherlock Holmes mystery and, for many, his very best. what I like best about this new edition is that it is set in modern form: much easier to read than older editions that are set in tiny type with inadequate line spacing! This comfortable-to-read format makes reading The Hound of the Baskervilles an absolute pleasure - no more squinting.
My dog was was scratching his ear very vigorously. Brought him to the vet, who couldn't get a good skin specimen to absolutely confirm that it was mange, but she was almost 100% sure, so we treated him for mange. She gave him ivermectim orally for 4 doses a week apart, but additionally I did some reading online and discovered this wonderful product. Did as the instructions indicated to put on affected area after cleaning it to remove any dirt, etc. Well, after one treatment, he stopped itching and the sores on his inner ear started to heal nicely. I continued the same treatment every 3 days, and after three treatments, it was gone. His hair hasn't grown back yet, but that will come. One suggestions: when you cut the tube applicator, make sure you cut it down to the screw thread because this lotion is very thick. In fact, I had to insert a long thin rod into the tube to get it flowing. Make sure to shake the tube prior to each use.Buy this, it works!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Don't waste your money. Bought my first one in June, and when I placed it on the faucet it clearly didn't fit right, and leaked from around the point of contact. So I returned it for another. Which did the same thing, but I both figured I'd just have to live with a little leak, and also couldn't be bothered to make another 20 mile roundtrip to the store. Since June I've gone through two filters. This second filter is fairly new, yet suddenly I noticed that the output was getting weaker and weaker...and the leak was getting worse and worse. Finally no water, other than a drip, made it out of the filter, as the water just pours out of other points on the contraption. Yes, I have taken it off, put it back on, tried to figure out the problem. The problem is that it is very poorly made, bad design, and just junk. Yes it is easy to snap onto the faucet, but at the cost of a tight fit.
As a fan of kathy's first video -- total fitness workout -- i was really looking forward to this one. I hate to say this but it really stinks -- working out has to be fun, concise, get the job done etc. etc... this isn't fun and it's way too long and just plain boring. I turned it off after the first 15 minutes -- don't bother buying this one, it's terrible!! It's not an exercise routine that you would enjoy doing over and over -- what happened????
This re-release is, essentially, the same album as "Archive Alive" released several years ago, but with additional tracks from the "What Goes Around" album that appeared on the bootleg version called "Hello Graham Nash" - "Casualty" and "Someone Else's Eyes." Archive Alive received criticism for not including these tracks. In addition to the inclusion of these two tracks, which are wonderful, there is more banter and conversation between tracks on this CD. The liner notes are the same as the "Archive Alive" release, but with different photos, some from the same shooting that resulted in the cover shot for the "What Goes Around" studio album. It's wonderful to hear Graham's harmonies on tracks that recorded after he left, such as "He Ain't Heavy" and "The Air that I Breathe" and to wonder how the studio versions might have differed had he stayed with the group, and to hear the Hollies do some of his CSN material. I bought my first Hollies record in 1965 ("I'm Alive") and who would have thought that I would still be buying their music 34 years later!! All in all, a great performance with Graham Nash during their short Fall 1983 US tour.
Pros:Outstanding picture quality. Thank you Mr. Coppola for not boosting the contrast like you did on The Godfather. ;)The sound. It's mind-blowing (especially the napalm explosion!) and even puts most modern movies to shame.The hours of extras. Very informative interviews with Coppola and how they pieced it together were my favorite parts.Cons:None
I'm most of the way through this tutorial, and I've enjoyed it and it's been extremely helpful. I'm brand new to Kontakt, and fairly new to the digital music scene in general. I had played around with Kontakt some on my own prior to watching this tutorial, but was mostly baffled by the enormous cockpit that we are presented with in this program. This video has helped clarify a lot of things for me tremendously, and made me realize the vast amount of possibilities.What I like best about the video, is that the learning is all in the context of achieving specific goals. Rather than wandering aimlessly around the interface, the teacher starts you out with goals like "lets create a new instrument from an existing sample" or "lets put together an orchestral multi instrument like what you'd need to do midi orchestration". Things like that. And then in the context of doing those activities, you lean other things like the interface in general, interface customization, and basics about how the program works.There is also a heavy emphasis on how you customize different sounds. A lot of time is spent loading simples and creating custom instruments form the samples, or loading existing instruments and customizing them in different ways. It's great stuff, and it's also very well edited and very professional.The downside to this, and why it gets only 4/5 stars from me is that it is pricey, and also dated. As of the summer of '08, we're at version 3 of Kontakt now, and so this video is one version behind, yet there is no newer version, and they still charge full price for the video.
I had to watch this movie twice before I understood it. I really enjoyed it...the acting is great and it is a wonderful thriller. Just be prepared to pay attention. No getting up for a drink or trip to the bathroom. You need to stay focused...or watch it over again. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who likes movies that play with your mind.
I took Quantum as an undergrad and used Gasiorowicz's 3rd Ed. I didn't learn much that was useful and I absolutely didn't gain any kind of physical insight. As a new grad student of Physics, I decided that I needed to take Quantum again. Luckily, we used Griffiths' Intro to Quantum. It was a wonderful experience. He builds the subject slowly and he gives phisical interpretations at every step.This is a great text. Don't believe the 'nay-sayers'. This text is as useful as Griffiths' E&M; text. The problems can be difficult, but they are labeled by difficulty. If you start off by working the simple problems, you will be able to solve all but the most difficult. The most important thing to remember is that the professor only assigns a minimum of homework problems. Many more problems should be solved to really understand the subject.All in all, opinions here are immaterial. If you are reading this, it's becuase you have to use this text for a class. So,Good luck!
Rich Vos. Arguably one of the worlds biggest failures in life, managed to put out this extremely funny DVD. It amazes me that a guy with the intelligence of a wet sock can be so funny. But it is great, so I would recommend that you pick it up if you like to laugh.Also, watch a "comedian" who looks like a fat Nepalese lesbian (Bob Kelly) break Rich's arm on youtube. Just search rich vos birthday and strap in kids!
I have read the Warlord Chronicles and the first of the Grail Quest series and found both of them fantastic fast-paced fun. Bernard Cornwell is absolutely brilliant at writing historical fiction that has both gripping story lines and breathtaking action. He is a master at changing tone at a moment's notice, giving plenty of time for the odd piece of romance or comedy whilst never getting bogged down and deviating too much from the important bits.In Sharpe's Tiger, chronologically the first of the score of Sharpe novels, Cornwell has our hero a dashing, raw recruit of the 33rd regiment in India. At the island fortress of Seringapatam, the Tippoo, enemy of the British, is holed up plotting an alliance with the French to remove the British from his lands forever. When a senior British officer is captured, Sharpe is given the task of saving him, as a way out of the huge number of lashes he has just been given as punishment for striking an officer. The sentence is the result of the utterly odious Sergeant Obadiah Hakeswill's incessant victimisation of the soldiers beneath him - Sharpe being his least favourite.And there the fun begins. Firstly the infiltration of the fort, then the discovery of the captured officer and then the escape. Except Sharpe cannot do anything the easy way. In fact the beauty is that he seems to go out of his way to find the trickiest route, causing as much mayhem as he does it. It is a credit to Cornwell that Sharpe never suspends belief for the sake of more amazing thrills. Everything he allows Sharpe to do is possible and in some instances, probably rather close to a re-enactment of some courageous derring-do of a real-life British soldier 200 years ago or so. It is the adroitness of Cornwell's writing that he manages to carry this off with such aplomb. If you like this sort of thing, then I think it safe to say there is no better than Mr. Bernard Cornwell.And now onto Sharpe's Triumph (I am doing them in chronological order, you see, I believe that to be the best way.)
It's a great backpack to take hunting due to its color. You can safely wear it over your orange coat and be safely colored. The straps seem durable enough and there is enough room for hats, canteen, food, a lighter jacket, ammo, etc. and the other zippered pouches provide easier access to things you want to put there. It's not extremely rugged, but seems good enough. The bottom isn't reinforced like some specifically made outdoor packs I've seen but it's orange and not going to be going on 50 mile hikes, just day hunts.
I viewed the film and came away shaking my head. I think the best (and kindest) remarks (reviews) said " while some watched the film two or three times feeling they may have missed something, it should not be necessary for a viewer to watch a film multiple times to attempt to discern a hidden meaning".While I agree with those who praise the acting, I also agree with those who find the film a pointless waste of time. I feel that attempting to dissect the film looking for meaning is an exercise that yields diminishing returns.Maybe those who are acolytes of Scientology will have an inherent understanding of the intensely obscure "theme".Who knows, this might become a cult classic comparable to the Orson Welles film "Citizen Kane" which was, at one time, incomprehensibly voted the best film of all time. Only thing missing is "Rosebud" as the final line.One line in the movie DID impress me. Jesse Plemons who plays Lancaster Dodd's son is told to go listen to his father's holding forth that he may learn something. He replies, "He's making this all up as he goes you know. I could sleep right through it and not miss a thing".So say us all !
Ever notice that cookbooks all seem to think everyone's either got a large family or is always entertaining? Most cookbooks recipes are for six to eight people, at best some times four (Emeril's books are best, often serving four), which is hard for the single or &quot;in a couple&quot; working person. There are just so many leftovers you can deal with before they spoil or you get sick of them.What's good about this book is that the recipes are simple, there is a range of dishes from the everyday to the somewhat fancy, the ingredients are common but not ordinary, and it covers everything from soups to apple crisp. If there are two of you, just double the recipe. No left overs, nothing to go bad in the fridge, and something better than a TV dinner for one.
I bought it for my husband for his birthday and he loves it! He cooks everyday so it was perfect present for him.The knifes are very light, well balanced and SHARP! I also loved them and now it's hard to use regular knife even right after sharpening. I used to struggle with cutting off some fat from meat, now it's piece of cake.If someone thinks about buying I recommend to purchase also Global Ceramic Whetstone for sharpening to keep knifes in perfect condition. Sharpening steel should be avoided (to abrasive for such fine knifes (note from booklet that came with the set).Also it is better to keep such knifes in a knife block. I used my old one, but actually think about magnetic knife rack you can place on the wall, pretty cool idea (more knifes and accessories in the booklet).Global knifes are hygienic thanks to smooth contours and seamless construction (no dirts traps). To keep it sharp the best is to wash by hand and immediately dry with the towel.Great, great purchase!
Strong.. Very Strong, powerfull album. I have a lot of respect for a band who can write strong powerfull music and back it up with equally powerfull lyrics. Papa Roach is one of these bands. Be sure to pick this one up!
i can't really add much to the former reviews,because they are dead on. this album may not have changed whole life, but it did add joy to at least two weeks of my life.pure joy... ... maybe this album did change my life. this coming from a guy who hates &quot;world music&quot; and thrives on indie rock.
Wrestled for six months before allowing myself the Kindle (wasn't travelling enough, wasn't reading enough, was fearful of spending too much ongoing etc etc). However finally took the plunge after hearing the enthusiasm of other Kindle owners. And am delighted. Few people have zeroed in on how the experience of reading on a Kindle is very concentrated. You focus precisely on what's in front of you and I do find myself reading with greater concentration which is invaluable in this era of hyperlinks and fragmented focus.My only criticism concerns the 'navigation key'. It is not as friendly as it might be. You have to click your way line by line to get to a particular point on a page. A page up or down option would help. However this is a very minor criticism and overall, I'm delighted.
David Gitlitz and Linda Kay Davidson have successfully compiled numerous recipes from the medieval timeperiod. As a vegetarian, this book was of little use to me in the kitchen (three-quarters of the recipes are meat based) but if I did eat meat, some of the stews would probably be delicious and easily adapted to a crockpot! The real strength of this book comes from the meticulous scholarship of the authors who give a fascinating glimpse into the lives of conversos (Jews living as Christians for survival). In many of the stories (and a little vignette accompanies each recipe), jealous neighbors or suspicious gentile servants reveal the outcomes of their spying on their neighbors (my favorite being the servant who noted that her mistress must definitely be a Jew since she uncomplainingly leapt into bed with her husband on Friday night in contrast to all the other days of the week!). Gitlitz and Davidson pain an excellent picture of medieval life in close quarters and successfully transmit the constant stress and tension in the lives of these individuals trying to straddle two worlds.
It looks nice and basically works okay, but I think the holes are too small. The birds have trouble getting the seeds out and it discourages them. They will eat here only when other avenues are exhausted
We have had this Storage Shelf now for 1 1/2 years and it is still as durable as when I first put it together, eventhough my 2 1/2-year-old daughter is fairly rough on it. The assembly instructions are minimal, but assembly in general in minimal and quick. It's really straight forward.The pastel bins looks great in my daughter's room and matches all of her girly things like her bedding, decorations, curtains, etc. It holds a lot of toys and makes putting them away & organizing them really easy. It also gives easy access to toys instead of digging through a toy chest, as I and many others have had to do growing up just to find a certain toy.
easy to read. good info on discipline, creating a positive environment, classroom management.
I saw this on the original DVD of this movie, but all the same, it's still wonderful! In fact, fantasmagorical! When bring some of the hottest stars, songwriters, directors, and dancers of the decade together, you are sure to be in for a treat.The story takes place in the British country side, where races are held every so often. Two children, Jeremy and Jemima (Adrian Hall and Heather Ripley), would play in the junkyard with the worn down cars. There they meet a lady named Truly Scrumptious (Sally Ann Howes) who wants to meet the childrens' parents. She drives Jeremy and Jemima over to the house with the windmill, where she meets Caratacus Potts (Dick Van Dyke, Mary Poppins, Diagnosis Murder), an inventor whose inventions goe awry. The two meet and argue for some time. Potts always has time for his children, even when his inventions don't go the way he planned. His father, (Lionel Jefferies), encourages him to give up his inventions, and start living in reality. Potts considers this, until his dog, Edison, gives him an idea of a new candy: toot sweets. A candy that toots like a flute. The next day, he sends his invention to Lord Scrumptious (James Robertson Justice), head of a large candy factory. He approves of this candy, until the whistle sounds sends a pack of dogs into the factory, and Scrumptious rejects it. Saddened by this, Jeremy and Jemima try to comfort their father by willing to give up their most precious possessions so that Potts can buy the car the children were trying to save from the junkyard. Potts appreciates this, but couldn't take them. He reassures them that he will find a way to make money, 30 shillings, to be exact, and he does! He sends his latest invention, a hair styling machine, to the fair that's being held in town. But once again, his invention goes awry, and a chase from an angry customer leads Potts to a dancing act he performs in, and in the end, earns him enough money to buy the car for his children. Jeremy and Jemima are excited, and can't wait to see what their father does to fix the car. What will happen to the car? Will Potts and Truly ever get along? Is this the ultimate adventure for everyone?This film has great dancing, choreographed by the choreographers of Mary Poppins. It simply makes me want to dance along with them! It also has great songs by the same songwriting team of Mary Poppins, The Parent Trap, The Jungle Book, Bedknobs and Broomsticks, Charlotte's Web, Snoopy Come Home, Little Nemo, and many more great classics, Robert B. Sherman and Richard M. Sherman. They are delightful! You'll love "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang", "You Two", "Husabye Mountain", "Me Ol' Bam-Boo", "Truly Scrumptious", and many more songs from this film.This film is one of the many grat musical classics of the 20th century. There aren't much of them around these days, and that makes me sad. Who couldn't love the funny Dick Van Dyke? He brings so much happiness to every movie or show he does. And the music is so unforgettable. You'll love it. I can't wait to own the special edition DVD. Buy it today! It's chitty chittyrific!
Well this is one of those tight west coast rappers that didnt get his props better get this one cause its rare and hard to find now days
"Spiral bound Hanon"Those three words were music to my ears (pun intended), and my next thought was "Where have you been all my life?" I am so glad I ordered this book. I've always enjoyed Hanon - I dig it our every year or so for a while but, having lost my old stiffly bound copy, I decided to try this, and it's just great.
I really like this book shine helps me shine with the Lord Good Job Newsboys
Lizz Wright's "SALT" is a very promising Neo-Soul debut. I am not sure why Lizz Wright is being marketed as a jazz singer- she really is a neo-soul singer.
I grew up outside of the US and we didn't have Dr. Seuss books - at least they may have existed but they weren't used in our schools and we didn't have them at home. Therefore I have never seen the long version of this and am not disappointed by the abridgement. Since most very young children don't have a long attention span anyway I suspect at least some of the disappointed reviews are the result of parents getting nostalgic for a childhood favourite rather than their own child not enjoying the book. My 15 month old loves it, when we have play time it's the first book she brings me to have read to her. You can make a huge game out of this book if you get really immersed in doing the sounds and actions for your child, you can make it very entertaining and educational at the same time.
Originally I bought this for the Playstation 2, but when I bought my Wii I thought, (A) it would serve as a good way to test the Wii-mote's controls on an action game, (B) it included 2 of my all-time favorite comic heroes as playable characters (Moon Knight and Colossus), and (C) it was on sale for $20.Well, the controls were pretty comfortable as far as the standard melees go, but I found it hard to execute certain types of hits (usually, the heroes performed a trip move when I wanted the standard punch and vise-versa). Also it was pretty hard to remember how to execute certain super powers. Some were easier than others to perform, like Captain America's Shield Throw, but once again, the exact movements aren't always triggered correctly, so at different times I would perform some other, less effective moves. And each hero has an ultimate Super move, which I had no idea how to perform and at times went off at random moments.But this is still a pretty cool game. The graphics aren't the greatest if compared to the PS3 or 360 (but if I was concerned about the graphics, I would've gotten either of those instead), and once the controls are mastered, there is a lot of fun creating your own super hero group and sending them out to defeat the likes of Dr. Doom, Mephisto, Galactus and all sorts of other super villains.So overall, it's a fun game. I liked it because of the deep roster of heroes I can play with (If only Punisher was included, I would've had the ultimate team of street vigilantes with Spider-Man, Moon Knight, Daredevil, and Punisher.), the controls could've been tweaked a bit more to make more exact moves, but otherwise, it's not bad for a first crack on an action-oriented game.
This book might be useful to more people than its title implies. The emphasis is on efficiency and small kitchens, but some of the kitchens in the book are not so small. Most of the advice will be helpful to anyone who is considering a kitchen renovation, regardless of the size of the room. Of course, a large kitchen gives one the option to create unused space that a small kitchen does not, so the book is especially helpful for people with space-limited kitchens. I use that term rather than "small" because the dimensions of my kitchen are largeish, but the layout of doors (all necessary) limits the cabinets and countertops in the room. I'm looking for creative ways to think about reconfiguring the space, and this book has been very helpful in terms of encouraging me to think about where to store things (items used less often can be outside the main kitchen space, for instance), what I typically do in the kitchen vs. sometimes do or rarely do, and how to plan a cohesive design style that works functionally and makes the kitchen a pleasant place for the cook. For example, I've been using wire shelving units as a temporary solution to my kitchen's lack of counters and storage space, but I wouldn't have considered this as a permanent design option before reading this book. That wouldn't be everyone's preference, but this book provides examples of several design styles to suit a variety of tastes. Other kitchen books provide more advice about the nitty-gritty of kitchen functions such as including enough electrical outlets, materials choices, etc. For that sort of information, I recommend "This Old House: Kitchens" (an oldie but still the best). To help you think about what you want and need in your kitchen in terms of function and visual appeal, especially if every inch counts or if the kitchen is part of another room, this book is a good investment.
First let me say, what a voice. Beautiful clean blissful. A joy to hear and so relaxing. Jazz has another in a long line of beautiful female voices, a pure voice singer, with the ability to sing a solo without the accompaniment of music.One gets the feeling of a well educated voice, and without the need for special effects, as a cover when ones voice breaks down, or is out of its range. No stressing here, just a singer who uses her voice to its fullest extent, without going overboard. A three dimensional singer.Though this may be her first check out all her work, give all her CDs a listening, download, or run out and purchase a copy of good music, without the fluff, and special effects, that is if you like good music.
This game is a must have for anyon who'd like to build a well-rounded PSP game collection but doesn't yet have a racing game in his or her library. I'm not a huge fan of racing games. I like Burnout Legends because it can be played in short chunks or hours at a time. It has easy to understand goals. The goals are also varied. You can break track records for time, most destroyed cars, types of impact, etc. Best of all, there are lots of different tracks AND race types so, for me anyhoo, boredom hasn't been an issues.My only gripe is a small one. In 2008, the graphics look a bit dated and low-fi. I think that sometimes small objects on a fast track can be difficult to see.
Barral and Veys have amusingly updated the cartoon image of Holmes. While he still bears a resemblance to Jeremy Brett, he is no longer really a caricature of him.Watch for caricatures of the author and illustrator and members of the French Sherlockian society as extras, and the 'dangerous sports' are a riot...
Herman must have a mono system, becuase the sound and video are excellent.The song selection , the band and the singing are outstanding.
An abridged 3-CD version of the H.G's masterpiece. Maxwell Caulfield has the perfect British accent for the task, although I could have done with a little more menace especially in the ominous opening chapter, but overall, he is in fine form.The War of the Worlds
Based on Chazz Paliminteri's autobiographical one-man play, "A Bronx Tale" is an impressive coming-of-age story about a young man, Calogero, or "C," as he is called, growing up in an Italian neighborhood in the Bronx during the racially turbulent Sixties. The boy is torn between the ethical standards set by his scrupulously honest bus driver father, Lorenzo, and the flashy appeal of "Sonny," the charismatic local crime boss. When Calogero, as a mere child, witnesses Sonny shoot and kill a man in a street dispute and refuses to pick him out of a hastily organized lineup moments later, Sonny takes the boy under his wing, much to the displeasure of his father. In his own way, Sonny is looking out for the young man's best interests. He is both paternal and protective, urging C to stop hanging out with his troublemaking friends, and emphasizing the importance of a good education. He also tutors young Calogero in the ways of the street. "That way," says C, "I'll be twice as smart as everyone else." Eventually there is a heated confrontation between the boy's father and the gangster, but the lure of Sonny's lifestyle - a flashy red Cadillac, women, nice clothes, "respect" - is too strong for the youngster to resist. There is an interesting assortment of supporting characters - Eddie Mush (the unluckiest gambler in the world), Tony Toupee (so called because of his ill-fitting hairpiece), Frankie Coffee Cake (whose acne-scarred face reminded everyone of a Drake's coffee cake) - and a host of others who apparently made an indelible impression on the young Palminteri. There are several memorable scenes - the humorous antics during a basement craps game; the invasion of Sonny's bar by a gang of bikers, to their regret; Sonny's advising his protege on dating etiquette. Robert De Niro, in his directorial debut, plays Lorenzo, but it is Chazz Palminteri's Sonny who dominates the film throughout. The ending is sad, poignant, and touching, but of course I won't go into that here on the assumption that you haven't seen this movie. As a lay person I'm unable to intelligently critique the technical aspects of any film, but I can state in all honesty that this is one movie I thoroughly enjoyed from start to finish.
Repairman Jack is one of my favorite characters after reading The Tomb several years ago. Since I have been out of circulation for about a couple of years (reading any novels), I will look forward to reading new Repairman Jack novels based on other reviews including my reading The Tomb book in the past. I just ordered Legacies and Conspiracies books through here recently since the local used bookstore didn't have them except for The Tomb and All the Rage books which I bought. I will read The Tomb book first again to refresh my memory and familiarize myself with Repairman Jack's background. Because I last read The Tomb book about 11 years ago. Thanks Mr. Wilson for bringing him back.
I did not read this myself. It was assigned for her SonLight curriculum. She enjoyed it so much she finished it several days early and was always anxious to share with me.
Considering the cost of this product, I didn't have very high expectations but still found myself disappointed. The chest plate, shin guards, and cod piece are all made out of flimsy foam and were completely bent out of shape from the way they were packaged. I thought they would at least be cheap solid plastic. I ended up hacking/modifying this costume with other accessories that I've bought and personally fabricated to make it slightly usable.Another design flaw is the sizing. The belt seems to be made for someone with a 60" waist while the suit itself is so tight I felt like I was getting a wedgie the whole time I wore it.The only higher quality suit i can find is the $800 version. I really wish there was something in-between. I would recommend avoiding this item if you have even a casual interest in quality.
I use this CD and his other release for meditation. This artist in a different level than the rest tibetan bowl players. This CD creates a deep level theta trance. The ironic part is that it holds you there throughout the CD.
Harold and Maude is a film about finding joy in life, no matter how unlikely the possibility seems. It never grows old or dated, only more treasured. If you can appreciate dark humor, off-beat comedy, quirky characters and have ever found life hard going, you'll love this classic.
Of the three guidebooks I took to Rome, this one was the best. It offered the most scholarly information--art history, architectural information, etc--about each site, and the photos are very helpful. It didn't have as much practical information as my other guidebooks, but it was always the one I turned to when looking for ideas for cool things to see and do. Whenever we went out, I always took this book.
KYB AGX are not only a direct replacement for all 93-2001 Subaru Imprezas but they are one of the best struts you can buy for overall performance and ride quality. Buy these before you waste your money on expensive coil-overs that will make your daily driver a miserable experience to drive! I have used these on more than one car with the same excellent results!
The author begins Chapter 16 with these words: &quot;The World Wide Web has transformed the entire world into an ugly HTML-based society of patiently waiting-for-connection Internet junkies.&quot;If this resonates with you, perhaps the book will as well. I have been using Acrobat 4.0 for about a year, and found the book oocasionally internally inconsistent -- and rather uneven. Parts are written at a level for a basic clerical person, and others presuppose a background in the array of Adobe graphics software products (for example, there is a full chapter devoted to &quot;Working with Adobe Illustrator&quot;) and in printing terminology.I had bought the book mainly because I wanted a physical book to refer to instead of the on-screen help that Adobe provides with Acrobat 4.0, and because I needed some help with Adobe Forms -- which Adobe added to Portable Document Format (pdf) in version 1.2 (Acrobat 3.0). Since this book addresses Acrobat 4.0, which supports pdf version 1.3, I expected to at least find mention of Adobe's fdf extension here. After all, the capability does come on the Acrobat 4.0 CD-ROM! Instead I found exactly 12 pages devoted to forms with no mention at all of fdf or forms interaction more complex than you might expect to find in a template-driven web site creation program.Under these circumstances I should not have been surprised to find that the authors tell MS Office users the hard way to use Acrobat. They make no mention of the capability of creating Adobe Acrobat documents via a click on the Adobe icon right on the Word screen, or the specific line to create Adobe Acrobat pdf files in the &quot;file&quot; menu on both Word and Excel, taking you instead through the old-fashioned way: using your printer dialog to set up a &quot;printer&quot; whereby you create a pdp file via a ps file in several steps.There were also a few examples of what I initially viewed as errors of fact, but in reviewing the book recognize as overgeneralization rather than outright errors. I suppose any author is entitled to a few of these.I tried to figure out who might REALLY benefit from this book. If you're heavily into printing on paper and non-web oriented desktop publishing, and view the most serious industry competition as a battle between QuarkXPress and Adobe products, maybe this is for you. If you live in an Adobe world, your PC isn't networked (so you exchange files via &quot;sneaker brigade&quot;), you don't use the web much, and for the most part you have avoided Microsoft and UNIX software, again, maybe this is a book you would find helpful.If you use Microsoft Office 2000, or most any UNIX-based software, or are coming at the subject from a web orientation, you may find yourself as frustrated with this book as I was. Only that I did pick up (buried deep in paragraphs, generally) four little bits of information I may be able to use in the future kept me from rating this book one star. And really, finding four usable pieces of information in an entire book didn't make the book a particularly good use of time or money for me.
I'll admit, when the original Thundercats was released back in the '80's, I was too old for the series. I was in 7th grade at the time, and I was pretty much through watching any cartoon series that didn't have some sort of draw for an older audience - whether it be through humor or more mature story-telling. I thought the original concept was decent, but I didn't care for the "big boss" bad guy Mum-ra or his goofy lizard- and frog-like underlings, or for the infinitely annoying Snarf character. In this modern update, however, nearly everything I disliked about the original series has been modified and updated in such a way as to make it more interesting, more palatable, and more fun. I have kids of my own, now, and I have watched every episode of this new series with them. They really like it, and I have to say that it is a big improvement over the original. In every way - from scripting, dialogue, story themes, animation and effects, andartistic design - everything is better, and I didn't mind watching it with them. This is a great modern fantasy series that your kids will be sure to love. Probably th ebest re-boot of an animation series that I have ever seen.
Hands down, Drosnin (a former reporter for the Washington Post and Wall Street Journal) wins all awards for 1997's stupidest book about the Middle East. He rearranges the 304,805 Hebrew letters of the Jewish Bible into a continuous letter strand and discovers in his much hyped study-lo and behold-that the holy book contains patterns of letters referring to virtually every modern event. "Napoleon" turns up encoded along with "France," "Waterloo," and "Elba." The main leaders of World War II appear jointly. "Economic collapse" appears along with "5690" (which equals the common year 1929). The moon landing is dated to the correct day. Major cultural figures ("Beethoven" and "Rembrandt") are correctly identified. Every major assassination of the past two centuries was "accurately detailed" in the Bible. It predicted the precise day when the Kuwait war would begin and even includes an event so small as the capture and murder of an Israel policeman in December 1992.As might be expected, Drosnin often stretches facts to fit his scheme. Finding February 25, 1996 associated with the warning "all his people to war," he finds vindication in an Arab act of terrorism against Israel on that date. His patterns are sometimes barely visible. But perhaps most charmingly idiotic about his all-so-serious book is how the computer programmer who wrote the Bible already knew the modern Hebrew neologisms for such words as "autobus," "subway," "airplane," "electricity," "lightbulb," and "computer"-all of which appear in its supposed code!But predicting the past is the easy part: What comes next? Well, Drosnin found the Jewish year 5757 (which ended in October 1997) associated with "holocaust"-a seemingly wrong call. Other prophesies, yet to be determined: that Binyamin Netanyahu will not live out his term as prime minister and a world war will begin in either 2000 or 2006.Middle East Quarterly, December 1997
This is not Ambrose's best book. It feels rushed and incomplete. But it still covers fascinating material about the B-24 and their crews. It is more of a collection of interviews then anything else. A great book to sit down and read at your local coffee shop on a rainy day.
The TrendNet model number for the product described here is a TEW429UB, not USR5430BP as listed under "technical details"
Hard to figure why Sean Stewart isn't one of the most beloved writers in America, given the virtuoso performance he's demonstrated here and the remarkably sympathetic character he's created in Will Kennedy. A combination horror/fantasy work which is as reminiscent of A Confederacy of Dunces as it is Ghosts, by Hynd, this novel is filled with so much warmth and life that it's hard to remember that this actually is a story about a man who understands that the past, too, can be a ghost, and perhaps the worst kind.Perfect Circle is everything every other supposed 5-star horror novel featured on Amazon is supposed to be: well-written, compelling, with rich, empathetic characters and a driving force and tension all its own.It's a wonderful introduction to Mr. Stewart's work.
It's big and it's full of nice, minty shampoo that makes your head tingle. I use it to refill my pump dispensers. I like it.
AFTER MY HAND-ME-DOWN OLD SENCO NAILER (20#+ LOADED) DIED, I INVESTIGATED THE NEWER FRAMING GUNS, ORDERED THE BOSTICH N88RH AND AM COMPLETELY CHARMED WITH IT. OUT OF THE BOX, LOADED, OILED AND THEN PUT UP A 16X20' SHED WITH ONLY ONE JAM WHEN MY COMPRESSOR GOT UNPLUGGED... IT IS LIGHT, EASY TO ADJUST & USE AND THIS "HANDY OLD HEN" WILL HAVE IT CLOSE BY FOR ALL MY FUTURE PROJECTS.... PS: THE NAILS ARE NOT HARD TO FIND, AS HOME DEPOT STOCKS 2 LENGTHS OF 21 DEGREE RH NAIL STRIPS....
Well, at least the redeeming factor is that this is a Bond game.But that's just about it. From Russia with Love, the first PSP James Bond game is more than just flawed. The game is so poorly made it is amazing that it left the game tester's room.The game attempts to follow the classic Bond movie of the same name, but only mildly so. You play Bond, who can have amazing accuracy with "Bond Mode." Bond Mode, something which could be cool, made the game terrible since it provided one hit kills nearly 100% of the time.But the easiness isn't certainly the only aspect of the game that makes it not worth your time - or money. Even aside from the fact that you can play the whole game from start to finish in less than half a day (seriously) the seven or so chapters can be 'replayed' (god lone knows why) so that you can improve a "Bond score" which is consequently useless.The frequent cut scenes, are, however refreshing and sharp, since the CG graphics were well made. It seems that there is a multiplayer mode, but the single player was so terrible I got rid of my copy before attempting anything further.The faster you shoot enemies, the more upgrade points you get. These are useless since you are provided with an endless arsenal of weapons - Bond seems to carry around one ton worth of automatic and semi-automatic weapons, most of which do the job of dispatching foes in seconds. It doesn't matter if you upgrade one thing over the other - you have five other weapons to take its place when the ammo runs out.And massive bosses are just as easy to take out, when Bond has a bazooka.Maybe the worst offense to the Bond legacy is the changing of the storyline and renaming SPECTRE to Octopus. Why does EA get the right to alter the storyline? It shouldn't, and they did since they were lazy to make a good game.GRAPHICS: 5/10 (Boxy characters, overused overlays (suits are the same, etc) and no graphics for enemies)SOUND: 8/10 (A great Bond soundtrack)CONTROLS: 4/10 (Camera angles are terrible, slow to respond after settings are altered)DIFFICULTY: 2/10 (Only since Bond is facing the wall when he gets pummeled by lead since the camera gets stuck, and the "gas" that can kill Bond)OVERALL: 3/10 (Game is worth less than the UMD it was burned on, and I don't average the above scores - ok?)
I can honestly say that no other brand of travel guide will give you the feel of a country more than DK's Eyewitness series. Eyewitness Italy is a beautiful book that uses excellent pictures, maps, and illustrations more than words to bring across the FEEL of Italy.When planning a trip to Italy, I would recommend this book along with the Rough Guide to Italy as an unbeatable duo. Whereas Rough Guide provides you with the nitty-gritty and exhaustive traveling advice, Eyewitness Italy will ensure that you will be anticipating your trip like none other.Perhaps the best part of this guide are the beautifully illustrated maps. In all my years, I have never known a MAP to get me excited about traveling. Yet gorgeously illustrated with tons of detail, the maps in this book did just that.For those spending time in Rome, I might also recommend DK's Top 10 Rome, a fun book filled helpful and fun top 1 lists ranging from the Top 10 Roman Ruins to the Best Desert Choices to the Best Attractions for Kids. It will work very well as a supplement to this book.The most aesthetically pleasing of all the Italian Travel Guides, Eyewitness Italy is a beautiful book to read, whether it's employed on the plane there or on the coffee table at home.
I broke my trusty 24 year old kettle. Went to Target, spent $24 on a Copco - what a mistake! The plastic spout got stuck in the up position. And of course, by then I had thrown out the receipt. Then I saw this one for $15 on Amazon, with another item I bought, free shipping. Its just GREAT. I disagree with the other posters..... I find the whistle quite loud, which is good because the last thing you want is a kitchen fire from overboiling an empty pot. And the weight is quite good - feels very solid in your hand. For the price, a very good choice. There was a $45 kettle I was eyeing at Bed Bath and Beyond, but this is quite satisfactory
This switch worked right out of the box the first time it was plugged in. I have had it for over a month and no problems so far!Great buy!
MacKenzie's Mountain is a touching and sexy story of Mary and Wolf. Mary is an innocent Wyoming schoolteacher who meets Wolf MacKenzie while driving to his mountain home to try and convince his son Joe to return to school after dropping out. Her car breaks down and she is rescued by the enigmatic Wolf as she struggles up the mountain.Their attraction is instantaneous as he warms he in his house and he is struck by her innocence and vitality. But he insists that nothing can happen. He is an ex-con, accused of rape and cleared but not approved of by the town. People will talk if they were to be together. He is also a half breed Indian which makes the townspeople very uncmfortable. But Mary is like a moth to a flame. She cannot stay away. She tutors his son Joe to get him into the Airforce Academy. People start to talk and their disapproval grows. A rapist attacks Mary and Wolf is determined to catch the man responsible even though at first he is accused of the crime.While they try to stay away from each other....they cannot and their attraction grows. Eventually she becomes "his" woman and they fall in love.It is a beautiful story and the beginning of the amazing MacKenzie series by Linda Howard. It is characterized by strong, alpha males....innocent but strong and spunky women. it is a great series and one that you can really settle into.I highly recommend this to anyone. Other books in the series include: MacKenzie's Mission, The MacKenzie Family, and A Game of Chance.
My last extension cord tore after the wife accidentally got it caught up in the vacuum cleaner. I needed a replacement but was flabbergasted at the prices the local brick and mortar stores were charging. I went online and found the Hosa Straight Extension Cable.This cable does the job it is meant to do with no extras. I cannot attest to the longevity of the product but it has withstood several months now of daily use without any tearing. I also do not detect any loss of quality or sound when in use.Overall, a worthwhile purchase that I am happy with.
If you like the Amelia Peabody books, you must read this one. It gets somewhat complex with spies, counterspies, etc. but I could not put it down. Not only that, I was deeply moved (okay, to tears) by the end of the book---and I am a prosaic, pragmatic person.I am impressed by the depth and quality of Ms. Peters' characterizations as well as her fine eye for historical detail.
This is printed on the back of the box: "This extremely violent film shot on location in Chicago and in the streets of Hollywood, highlights the saga of Allen Chester, who's life and values are completely altered after meeting up with Leona Alexander. In a peaceful attempt to defend her against two gang members, Allen accidentally kills one and Leona polishes off the other with a meat cleaver. The gang seeks revenge by murdering their parents. Allen and Leona's survival instinct forces them to take on the powerful gangetsr leading to a climactic bloody shoot-out". Starring: Flint Keller, Tricia Parks, Pamela Dixon, Robert Zdar. Executive Producer: Ronald Gilchrist. 1987
The frustrations of love and life are well expressed on this freshman's First born cd. I just broke up with my boyfriend recently and I find myself playing this album all the time!!! Bilal clearly shows how hindsight is always 20/20 in his song &quot;Sometimes&quot;... when he sings lyrics like &quot;Sometimes, I wish I seen the exit sign first&quot;...How many times have we all been in a relationship and wished that we had seen the &quot;exit sign first&quot; before it crashed and burned?!!!!! Truely I needed this song in my life about four months ago. My other favorite is &quot;Reminisce&quot;. That song keeps me rewinding Most Def's part as he's reciting lyrics like &quot;just when I thought, I was getting along without you....somebody passed and ask me about you! I wonder how you're getting by?...Are the stars still in your eyes? I reminisce, and shift to times... when you was mines.&quot; Yeah, this album threw me for a loop.Lyrically AND production wise this is a tight album!
I'm frankly astonished at the number of negative reviews of this film, but I think I may know the reason why. First of all it seems that all the DVD's out there (the only non DVD-R versions, like Amazon offers, are Region 2) are cut down to full screen instead of giving us the very effective use of the original widescreen. Sin one, as the exceptional camera work drew an Oscar nomination for Best Cinematography.It also appears that the DVD version may have been edited to de-emphasize the pretty blatant sexuality and passion, as it seems to have been marketed after the Sixties as a light hearted romantic comedy. Sin two. It's hardly funny. It's a serious, heart wrenching drama.I just watched the original version on TCM and was blown away by it, especially by Shirley Maclaine's compelling performance, for which she also received an Oscar nomination.Perhaps we can someday look forward to a restored version of the original work. This film deserves it.Very powerful stuff.
I'm atheist, however I enjoy religion like a human activity. Herman Wouk has fascinated me since Wind of Wars. I strongly recommend to understand not only jews, but also christianism.
The Earl of Stratham blamed all his misfortunes on one woman--the noblewoman who scorned his suit years ago. With no legitimite offspring, the earl offers the most promising of his bastard sons the opportunity to inherit his fortune and his title if he marries the daughter of the woman who made him a laughingstock.Liam is a charming devil whose smuggling business has been broken up by the end of the Napoleonic wars. Although tempted to throw the inheritance back in his contemptible father's face, Liam discovers that he cannot turn away the opportunity to become one of the richest men in England.It makes it easier that the father of the noblewoman in question--Lady Alexandra Henning--is in desperate financial straits and cannot turn down the earl's offer to pay his debts and set up a generous income in exchange for the honor of his daughter's hand in marriage.At first horrified at her father's intention to &quot;sell&quot; her to pay his debts, Alexandra eventually reconciles herself to the marriage. But Liam soon discovers that he wants his wife to feel more than tolerance for him...and sets about trying to win her affection.However, at just the moment that Alexandra and Liam discover their love for each other, Liam must tear himself away to rescue a dear friend. During his absence, Alexandra is devastated by the discovery of the real reason for their marriage. Will she ever be able to forgive him for his duplicity?A delightful Regency read! I especially enjoy the appearance of characters from another of Nadine Miller's books, and the daringly &quot;scandalous&quot; democratic attitudes displayed by these very original members of the upper ten thousand.
In a world of derivitive and copycat music this CD stands apart!!! "Hey Mama" and "Where is the Love" are great. This is what The Fugees could've been if tey would have stuck it out!!! The vocals blend really well, the arrangements are great and the beats rule!!! Downside is "Let's Get Retarded" which is demeaning to the handicapped and not exactly politcally correct, they should've just put "Let's Get It Started on the original Cd instead of inserting it later and making people buy the CD all over again!!! The girl singer will make it big on her own if and when she decides to go solo, she can bring it!!!
What can I say about this albulm? Its one of the darkest albums I have ever heard. Every song is relentless in its attack. Skinny Puppy really experiments into the dark emotions of the human soul. Songs like First Aid and Shadow Cast will quickly hurdle you into SP's sinister world. Songs like Addiction and Deep Down Trauma Hounds will slowly drain at you. Songs like Draining Faces and The Mourn or more experimental and &quot;audio sculpture&quot; and will really paint a picture in your mind. I would NOT call this album &quot;electronic goth rock&quot;. Its way beyond that!As for starting out with this CD, well one thing I found with SP is that everyone has a different favorite album. They are not a band known for one good album. EVERY Skinny Puppy album is good in its own way. I would recommend getting Too Dark Park before this but thats just my opinion. Also others have said this and it is true- the first time you hear puppy it will sound like distorted garbage. The second time it will you will hear more of a 'song' behind the garbage. Keep listening and you will be Addicted!
Take a set of female triplets and male twins and total chaos and misunderstandings abound. It all starts with Quinn and Katherine stepping in as their sister Corrie for a business meeting. What they don't know is that Peter has stepped in for his brother John at the same meeting. Peter and Katherine are attracted to each other, only they think their John and Corrie, who are finding their attracted to each other also. Confused yet? This book is deliciously funny with some poignant moments. The fiesty character, Belle Gumph is priceless. Besides, you can't go wrong with a writer who has her primary male character, in a passionate moment, sweep up the love of his life into his arms and proceed to bump her head on the bedroom doorjamb. It's comedic moments like this that make me devour Mary Kay's books.
I have watched MOON a second time and it is still the great movie that it was when I first saw it.It's amazing what you can do on a small budget.Some people will be annoyed at the many references to other scifi films but that is only a small point.Yes,the acting is superb but you also need a great director to make the film a winner.It is superbly directed so it is a must see film. Warning-don't watch the trailer or extras before seeing the film as too much of the secret is given away.I hate it when they tell you too much in the trailer.Also avoid the Director's interview in the extras. You cringe listening to him say 'um' every few seconds.Can't he give a talk without continuously saying 'um' before every sentence.He must hold the world record for the number of times he uses this word in an interview.I hope he reads this review and learns from it.
After using an avocado masque that I got during my last trip to Europe (made in the UK), I tried to find it on amazon. I didn't find the exact same product, so I decided to give this one a try. It's a very generic masque, not much different that any regular conditioner. Maybe if I didn't have the other masque to compare it to (which was absolutely great), I would have liked it better. Will keep looking.
...but if you can't suspend your disbelief a little bit, what the heck kind of mystery reader are you? The concept of this book was extremely intriguing and held my attention to the end. I thought the characters were excellent, and I hope to see some of Rachel Gold's supporting cast in her future adventures. All in all, one heckuva page-turner.
I bought this for my mother about 2 weeks ago and its still not set up. You call the 800 number and have to leave a message. No one has called back. The one time I got a human to answer the phone, she just said to leave a name, number and a message. I explained that I had and I would like to speak to someone. She hung up on me :(Support is only Monday - Friday 8-5 Pacific time.
I must admit that I first discovered Pray for the Soul of Betty thanks to Constantine's AI experience. Boy, am I glad I did. I was never a huge fan of AI, but I really enjoyed seeing a couple of rockers on the show this year. I can't stand the usual pop that comes off of AI, and when I heard that Constantine's band was the real deal in hard rock, I had to get the CD.It does not disappoint the hard rock fans... although it might frighten a few of the AI fans who were accustomed to hearing Constantine's more palatable songs on the show.Overall the album is a hard, driving album. It starts off a little weak vocally and to use the common phrase, "pitchy", but it finishes strong with 4 potential chart toppers. They have the rough edges of a garage band and in all honestly the band itself is far stronger than Constantine's voice. This is a band I would love to see if a smoke filled club!If you liked Constantine, but lean more toward hard rock, this album is for you. If you just like hard rock, this album is for you! If you like Constantine but aren't sure about the hard rock edge, give it a try... you, too, might be more than pleasantly surprised!
This is an interesting one, a historical fiction of sorts. It's not the first time HP Lovecraft has been written into stories (most famously by Robert Bloch), but it is definitely HPL at his most action packed. No starry-eyed dreamer here, no space creatures eating his brain---his antagonists are very human and include Providence mobsters, Nazi spies and ruthless killers that will stop at nothing in their goal to destroy America. The cast of characters includes Houdini, Houdini's brother Theo, Sonia Lovecraft (yes, a love story), Al Capone, Linbergh, Hitler, Henry Ford, Clark Ashton Smith, "Two-Gun" Bob Howard (in a hilarious scene with a Klan Klaxon), and a host of others. Lovecraft in the opening scene is nearly drowned trying to save a guy wearing cement overshoes. He's blindfolded, beaten, kicked in the ribs and even gets in a few good belts of the fistacuffs variety. And he also takes a drink now and then. Wow....what can I say. It's like The Case of Charles Dexter Ward, but on acid, and set in the years running up to World War II. I'm sure all these things really existed in some fashion, but the war and the occupation of Eastern Europe must have given us all amnesia. My only complaint is that HPL was the most two-dimensional character in it, perhaps because he was such a mystery in real life. The flirtatious Sonia is worth the time to read it just by herself, so I'd give this one four stars out of five, in spite of all the krauts spitting out "Ja, Mein Herr!".
Jeffrey Blehar has written the perfect review and I'm happy to own this CD now. Nothing more to say.
This is my second camera so far. I recently bought an Olympus C3020 and realized after a few days that I really felt ripped off for the money I spent. I returned it and got the Canon S30 after doing some more thorough research on reviews of cameras.So far I like everything about this camera. The metal case, shape and weight feel good in your hands.Not having to deal with a lense cap is another big plus.the videos are short and lo-res, but for me it's an opportunity to at least get SOME stuff of my kids on video before they grow up. Certainly getting a digital camcorder is on my wishlist, but personally until I can get an hour of good quality video at a reasonable price, I'm not ready to spend the money.The battery is GREAT and the fact that it came with both the rechargable battery and the charger was a big plus. When I was looking at cameras, I really liked the Nikon 885, but when I discovered they sold the camera with a disposable lithium battery(excuse me, disposable??) and no charger, I just could not accept that. I'm sorry, if I'm spending 500-600 dollars, don't poor-boy me. I've found that a lot of the cameras in the field out there all have one or more "gotchas" like the Nikon did that unless you really look over the specs, it's easy to miss. The canon does not have any "gotchas" that I have found. Aside from a larger storage card, you really don't need to buy anything else to enjoy this camera.The battery so far seems to have a very long lifespan. I've been using mine throughout the day and charge it overnight. I've not run out of juice yet, and I always have the screen on when I use it.There is only one minor things I found about this camera, I wish were included and that is a battery meter so I would know when the battery is getting low.Overall, my advice is if you looking for a 3.x MP camera you really need to look at either this camera or a sony (which I considered, but did not like the higher cost of media and card readers since I don't own a sony laptop :(
Up until five years ago Harry Turtledove was my favorite writer. Here was a fellow historian and teacher, who could put poetry in his work. I love alternate history, used it over 40 years ago in the classroom, and have even written it. It can teach the real story in history. Harry Turtledove has forgotten that. With this series, which began with the South winning the Civil War (never fully explained), he has gone down hill. It is time to let this series go. Other writers like Eric Flint are leaving him in their dust. Why am I so hard on him. Because Turtledove has let his political opinions and regional prejudices destroy his objectivity.Nevermind the obvious that others have pointed out. The obvious being that had the Civil War been won by the South, not a single person alive today would be in that world. Just one little change, "the butterfly effect", can determine when one may marry, who they may merry, and when they even conceive. In this alternate world there would be no Winston Churchill, no Franklin D. Roosevelt, no Ernest Hemingway, no Louie Armstrong, and none of the others named. I say nevermind, as it is fun and other writers have fallen in the same trap. Some like Keith Laumer knew better and just had fun doing it. Turtledove is perfectly serious, or at least he appears to be.It is the prejudices that concern me. First, against the South. I am originally from Ohio, but have lived in the South for 58 of my 68 years. I find it hard to believe that Turtledove can only find two decent people in the South to write about, two African Americans. The Hispanic character may be sympathetic, but still very racist. I was born in the North, however the last 58 of my 68 years have been spent in the South and I think I know the region far better than Turtledove. Before the Civil War the Underground Railroad would have failed were there not some White Southerners helping. When Virginia, as an example, voted to leave the Union it was a close vote. After the Civil War there were White Southerners who opposed the Jim Crow laws. As a young man I was in the Civil Rights Movement and I worked with many born Southern white men and women who supported that movement. Mr. Turtledove is obviously trying to relate the killing of Black Americans in camps with what happened to the Jews in Nazi Germany. However, there are stories of German citizens who resisted this and who helped the Jews. In other words, Turtledove paints a South that is not just as bad, but worse than Nazi Germany.The second prejudice he reveals is against religion. It is strange that with all the facets of society covered that he leaves out religion. The only two people he writes about with a religious connection is a Socialist congresswoman in the North and an advisor to Jake Featherstone, both Jewish, but obviously not believers. Where are the Christian leaders? You cannot write about history without covering that too, something Eric Flint does a beautiful job of. Maybe Turtledove is afraid that if he covered Southern Christians he might find some willing to help Black Americans. In the North, tradition alone requires that this area be covered. I am sure Turtledove would be negative in dealing with religious leaders, but if honest he would have to show the positive ones too. The role of religion and faith in God cannot be ignored in writing history whether in alternate or real timeI suspect Harry Turtledove is tired of this series himself. This latest entry in the series is repetitive. His switching from character to character causes him to repeat, even in the same book, information he has given about the same chracter earlier. Readers are treated as though they are too stupid to remember what they have just read. If he is so concerned then maybe there should be a section in the front of each book that lists and describes his characters. He did that in an earlier and much better written series.Harry Turtledove is very talented and even while on this series has been writing other books. I will continue reading his work, even this series. I just pray that Harry doesn't figure that he can take me for granted and do whatever he pleases when it comes to plotting. A point may come when readers will also grow tired and will quit buying his books.
One of the great things about music is that the quest to find great songs leads you down paths you never expected to travel down. One of my favorite things to do is to be educated and entertained. I love finding out that Jimmy Page played guitar on Tom Jones songs such as "It's Not Unusual", as an example.So, I had heard "HIGHWAY, HIGHWAY" on a 1995 sampler I listened to. Thought it was one of the greatest songs I'd ever heard(I have over 18,000 songs on my computer alone).I'd catagorize this one with lonesome songs like Jimmy Buffett's "Coast of Marsailles". Or like another artist I have recently enjoyed, Jeffrey Gaines, who sounds similar vocally. My wife thought Stephan Allen Davis was Ray Charles!You hear a song like "HIGHWAY, HIGHWAY" and you never forget it. It's that good!Years have passed, and I continue to hunt down great music. I stumbled across The LIGHT PINK ALBUM relatively inexpensively, and I'm like, I'm gonna take a chance on this guy, cause I dug HIGHWAY do much.Well I drop the CD in the car-player and "TAKE TIME TO KNOW HER" starts playing, and I'm immediately going thru all the songs I've heard, and singers I've enjoyed. Who is this? Where have I heard this song before? Sounds like a soul singer. Who sang this originally? I go to the liner notes and notice DAVIS us the writer. Must be a mistake! But as I read that Davis wrote this as a 17 year old, I come to find out that he is the author. Amazing discovery. A little more research takes me to my PERCY SLEDGE records, and he is the artist I've heard do this song so convincingly before.But back to Stephen. Every song sounds fantastic. Sticks in the mud out there may find him to minimalistic to be a good listen. I thought this was a fantasticly simple. Hauntingly beautiful.If you enjoy singer-songwriters, pick this up. The production is as if he were in the room with you. Wide open vocals (perhaps in a soulful delivery like Gregg Allman solo albums sound), with guitar and harmonica (like Dylan or Neil Young harp playing), and the occational piano (think Randy Newman meets Joe Cocker).What a listen.
I was pretty exited to view this movie. Even though it was on a fuzzy vhs and Spanish dub. Well I can tell you it was a grand waste of time and considering this film deals with some of my best interests at heart, it was one of the most boring affairs I have ever had the displeasure of viewing. We start off with the character played by Winona Ryder. She apparently tried to kill her self with...aspirin. Yeah that's right, a whole bottle in fact! That caused me to loose all respect for her immediately. I mean what type of a retard over doses on aspirin for God sakes. A combination of Sleeping pills and tranquilizers would have been more efficient, with a stomach lining tablet first to prevent vomiting. Of course there's the popular paracetamol, but it normally gives you around two weeks to die, during which your skin turns yellow as your vital organs fail. Oh and the Looney bin. Well of course you have your run of the mill inhabitants e.g. the childish one, the fat one, the compulsive liar, the eating disorder and of course Angelina Jolie, our prize inmate. Of course its madness by numbers: The insane grin, hysterical laughing, the wacky hair etc. It's just so predictable.Don't mention the fact that the majority of the clinically insane are quite shy meek mannered individuals. It is only when you get to really know them that their `weirdness' becomes apparent. I for one lived a whole year with a compulsive liar when I was 13. Told me she was dying of bone cancer. Went for a check up at the conveniently far away hospital every other week, or so she lead me to believe. Unfortunately it turned out she was a compulsive thief as well. Whoops just a little too late. Anyway back to the film. Why is Winona here with all these lunatics? Okay so she's depressed. Aww! Poor baby, aren't we all. Let's wallow in our self pity. I didn't get to university, boo hoo. I mean that's a lot worse then getting molested as a child or watching you mother kill herself in front of you. Like my best friend did. She's has bipolar depression and is a developing alcoholic but she struggles on. Oh and the whole cutting scene that some people have labelled disturbing. Hahahahahah! The trade mark shallow diagonal lines up the arm. Could serious self harmers be more insulted? Perhaps that's why I'm so angry at this film. Anyway, buy this if your looking for the obvious and the clich&eacute;. I guess I'm just sick of the constant stereotyping. Not a real look into to any of the mental problems presented here. Right! Time for my pills...
This thing is so small, it's not fit for a person to use much less an RC car. I saw some other reviews that said it was small, but would be OK for an RC car, but it's so tiny! My RC car is just as wide as the entire ramp, and it weighs almost nothing so it gets pushed around every time its hit. I can't see any circumstance when this would be fun to use.
Super Robot Red Baron.This is some classic giant sized action here. The Series follows the hero Ken and the members of SSI (streriotypical superhero investigation team) as they fight mad scientists, alien invaders, evil computers, and, of course, an army of Super Robots.Fans of Big O might notice some fishy similarities in the way the Red Baron fires his beam weapon to the way Big-O fired his Chrome Buster.A must have for Toku-hero fans.
Title: Old Man's War by John ScalziPages: 311.Time spent on the "to read" shelf: 0 days.Days spent reading it: 2 days.Why I read it: I saw Zoe's Tale come out a few months ago in hardback and liked the cover. So I checked into the original book in the series, which was Old Man's War. After doing some checking into it, it sounded like a book I might actually like a lot. So I picked it up and bought it before I took off for Thailand to pass a few nights reading.Brief review: I absolutely loved Old Man's War. John Scalzi is a witty writer. Sure, he borrows many ideas from Ender's Game, Starship Troopers, and other classic sci-fi books, but that does not make his own book inferior. It is going to be a classic on its own one day, I'm pretty sure.The plot is simple. We meet our hero at the ripe age of 75 as he is about to enter the military for a 2-10 year stint. Yes, you read that correctly. In this book, military service (in space) is for the old who have already retired. They are taken into space and rejuvenated (I'll let you read the book to find out how). We follow Poole through his training and career in the military (and it's a pretty exceptional career). It is a fun romp that is over all too soon. The pace and point of view reminded me heavily of Starship Troopers (which was written by the master of science fiction Robert Heinlein). But some of the ideas and concepts were pure John Scalzi.I'm glad I picked this book up, and I look forward to reading the other books in the series (and perhaps Scalzi's other works). He is a great writer and I find him very fun to read.Favorite quote:"You may refer to me as Ambassador, unworthy though I am of the title," The Consu said. "I am a criminal, having disgraced myself in battle on Pahnshu, and therefore am made to speak to you in your tongue. For this shame I crave death and a term of just punishment before my rebirth. It is my hope that as a result of these proceedings I will be viewed as somewhat less unworthy, and will thus be released to death. It is why I soil myself by speaking to you."Stars: 5 out of 5.Final Word: Refreshing.
These Premier containers are the ones I reach for first when I need a storage container. Like the Stain Shield line they replaced, they simply do not stain, even when holding tomato sauce or chili.These are made of thick polycarbonate, and unlike the Stain Shield line, they have not cracked or broken. (Stain Shields were known to split in half in the dishwasher even w/unheated dry cycle.) The Premier lids fit snugly and the containers stack securely in the fridge. The covers fit the bottom of the containers and nest nicely, and the containers nest nicely as well. The only complaint I have is they don't make the small size (1 cup, I think) anymore.I plan on buying more of these.
Loved the secondary characters, Tara and Henry most of all. A good romantic story where patience on the man's part (Telford) wins in the end. Though I found Alexis reasons for holding back from total commitment very strange and did not make any sense. The little twist at the end seemed contrived but sweet.
THE ORIGINAL was the best version, they sent me that crappy new version oops won't be ordering from them again!
This show was broadcast in 1992 for the 20th anniversary of "Great Performances."Hard to believe, but the DVD contains two plays, each only about 15 minutes long. With this much brevity, it won't surprise you to hear that neither play outstays its welcome.The first, "Kiss, Kiss, Dahlings," is divided into three short acts. The three actresses (Blythe Danner, Cynthia Nixon and Nancy Marchand) play three generations of stage actresses in three different time periods. This is a love letter to the theater from the late Wendy Wasserstein, and light fare.The second is about a nervous opera soprano about to make her debut at the Met in "Tosca." Written by Terrence McNally, this is the better piece. It stars the incandescent Bernadette Peters, who is astonishingly vulnerable at times.Opera fans will get a couple of big laughs from the inside jokes McNally weaves in, but even non-opera folks can enjoy it. A relatively restrained Nathan Lane, a relatively unrestrained Paul Sorvino and a very funny Bill Irwin also register in their roles.All that said, I'm not sure it's worth buying the DVD for only 30 minutes of drama. Perhaps rent it first and then determine if it's something you'll want to view again and again.
Geo Trax! Great for all ages! My son and I have been playing with these for over 3 years now! Very Durable!
This unit and many others made in the last couple of years are totally lacking in quality. I know there has been a resurgence in the use of CB radio in some areas, but to market something with an unusable signal strength indicator, poor sound quality and terrible components makes Cobra look bad overall. This radio is an entry level unit, but still lacks even basic usefulness. I could barely hear anyone, even with squelch properly adjusted. I used an older Cobra unit from several years back, (one that is all in the handset and still in production), and this one is deaf. The microphone connector is well made though. The microphone is huge, the radio itself will pick up all Rf noise from your vehicle, and the controls for volume and squelch are very hard to actually adjust so you can hear anything. I made sure to try several of these and eventually just returned them all. I only bought this since I have an all in one Cobra CB that I bought 5-7 years ago that has worked great. This model I am rating and any other in the series is not recommended. (They will be Cobra 19 and then roman numerals for models numbers.)****Get the Cobra 75WXST instead. Great CB radio there.****
The imposing photo and name of Jesse Eisenberg on the cover might lead one to think this is a movie starring Eisenberg. It is not. He has a slightly inflated cameo, which he handles just fine, but it is no reason to see the DVD.The acting is uneven, the movie fails as horror, the story is a bit of a mess, and the musical score is awful. The filming is indifferent and the pacing is a frustrating stumble down an unmarked path.So why four stars?In several individual scenes, "Hell Camp" does an excellent job of capturing what some of these mainstream-but-culty religious retreats or camps can be like psychologically in a way that no fictional story has.Jesus Camp, the documentary, of course does an even better job of capturing the atmosphere of such places, but for those who are curious about such things but just don't like documentaries, "Hell Camp" ("based on actual events") brings you halfway to an understanding.Having attended similar camps and retreats myself--coming out of a charismatic Protestant tradition, whereas this camp is Catholic and apparently charismatic judging by the prophetic utterances, "slaying in the spirit," and other hallmarks--the writer/director got the words, the look, and the feeling just right. The cloying, claustrophobic atmosphere of the camp is far creepier and more unsettling than anything related to the vague "demonic" entity (the movie wisely leaves open the interpretation of the story to either supernatural or psychiatric causes for the events). And the practically fetishistic obsession with sexuality rings true, too. Oh, and also the complete uselessness of the threats and promises in making teens attracted to each other remain entirely "chaste." And the emotional aftermath of harsh condemnation of some relatively harmless fumblings near a horse paddock.So...don't see "Hell Camp" if you're just an Eisenberg fan or are in the mood for a ripping horror yarn. But for a peek inside the cultish, manipulative, emotionally unhealthy atmosphere of ultra-religious camps and retreats (which reminded me of nothing so much as my teen experience with a Teens Encounter Christ, or TEC, retreat), I'm unaware of any other movie that captures the vibe more accurately.
Too bad. I'ts a 4 1/2 star sci-fi film. However, the wide screen transfer is terrible. There are a lot of horizontal and vertical lines in the high-tech sets and the bad transfer has them continuously "crawling" in the background. I could make a better copy from TV to VHS. Sorry to complain, but how else can we try to get the studios to release acceptable transfers?
Memory cards are a necessary accessory for PS2. This is a great way to pay a little less ..... buy buying two together at a discounted "package" price.
A good movie- we enjoyed it. Action - Thrill - Suspense - def. keeps you guessing the entire movie. We enjoyed & recommend.
Cody Lundin knows how to survive. This book is full of ideas and explains why and how you can die in the outdoors. It goes into detail about survival kits and how to use them. Cody's book gets your attention, looks you right in the eye, and says you need to do this to live! Cody tells it like it is. If I could meet one survival person, Cody would be my pick. Cody's whole life has been about survival.
Over all I very much enjoyed this movie, so much so that it has made it's way to my DVD collection and my list of all time favorites. This a lush, historical, romantic movie. It is set in 16th century Venice and is based on the real life cortesan and poet Veronica Franco. The setting of this movie is beautiful ( Could you get any better then historical Venice?) and the costumes are lovely and exotic. Obviously, since this movie is about a courtesan there is bound so be some nudity and sex scenes, but it is all very tastefully done. I also found the characters to be wonderful, and quite realistic. Rufus Sewell, Catherine Mccormick, Moira Kelley are excellent in thier roles.Anyone who would call this movie " bawdy" or "offensive" has to look at the time and place and it in which it is set. Venice back in the 16th century was as one character puts it in the movie " A floating brotheral".There are only a few complaints I have about this movie, which is why I have given it four stars instead of five. One is that the movie is just too long, some scenes could have been cut out, and it would be fine. Another problem that I have is that sometimes, just sometimes the story gets a little too melodramatic for my tastes, the whole trial with the inquisition is a bit over the top for me. Also it was a little hard to believe Catherine MCcormick in the role, I think in some ways it might have been better to cast a younger actress.Over all, I would say, go and rent this movie, it is ausome and well worth seeing, even with it's flaws.
Thinking this was going to be southern humor a la (that's French folks) Jeff Foxworthy, with a non-partisan bit of government-ribbing thrown in for flavor and originality, imagine my dissapointment when this just turned into another liberal bashing piece of tripe. If you're a 30 something white male entrepeneur who sits in his garage all day listening to talk radio and believeing it, you'll love this.I however, did not. Good 'ol boy Graham has some shame about being raised in the South. A few months of therapy would probably fix that right up, but that's what liberals do, so instead he has found an external source to blame for his pain: everyone else, particularly Northern liberals. Graham's judgement occured after wide contact with liberals at parties and such where one other guest would confide their secret bigotry, or affection for something southern and low brow. Obviously one can extrapolate then that the whole room is full of closet bigots, and if the whole room is guilty... well, you get the idea.I would have given it one star, except for the fact that Graham does inadvertently touch upon one truth, American culture ain't what it used to be. NASCAR, Fear Factor, etc is evidence of this. I for one, however, would prefer to believe that afficionados of both are mainly right-wing idiots underserved by our education system. Keep 'em dumb and distracted and they'll vote Republican even if it means a decrease in their rights and privilges in the end.
I had very low expectations when I rented this and the outcome was this was worse than expected. Not funny one little bit, horrible to annoying acting ALL around, though Meryl was functional as the mean lady cartoon character. What pizazz Meryl did manage to convey only made the other little ingenues seem all the more like high school drama class rejects. There was nothing interesting in this bland, predictable, uninvolving story.I kept comparing this to the TV show Ugly Betty, which does the sensitive outsider theme so much more creatively ( And with the talented, sparkling actress America Ferrera in the Anne Hathaway role).Regarding the love interest played by that cute actor Adrian ...(last name???) all I kept thinking is "Vinnie ya need to be back with your Entourage on HBO".One of the, no, it IS the most overrated movie of the year.
This is the first recording of Shostakovich's 5th symphony I owned (LP), and still my favorite. The sound is superior to the earlier Bernstein studio recording, and the interpretation is absolutely thrilling. Many of Sony's early digital recordings are harsh sounding, and I generally prefer late analog to early digital sound, but this is one truly shining exception.
We bought this for my 3 year old son when my wife was pregnant with our second boy. He loved it and still does, even though he is now 5 and his baby brother is now two! Highly recommended.
I watched this movie only to check out carrier operations because I got out of the Air Force before this movie came out. Hollywood makes entertainment movies, I havn't seen one movie where it said &quot;warning this is exactly what happens in real life in every detail.&quot; You Navy guys shut up! You know us Air Force guys don't do nothing,all our maintenence is performed &quot;mentally,we don't even have to go outside&quot;! We had 2 tornadoes hit our base at the same time,we knew they were on the way-Oklahoma weather. To bad we couldn't put C-5's,C-141's @KC-135's below deck and turn the base to port side,we may have missed the tornadoes! The movie was entertainment but I would have used another actor instead of Tom Cruise, he doesn't come across to me as tough enough to be a pilot! Val Kilmer should have been the lead! You Navy guys both pilots and mechanics- An F-15 single seater has to do the same as a 2-seat Tomcat! My Air Force job if memory serves me correctly amounts to 3 different jobs in the Navy! But I say again you know us Air Force guys we don't do nothing we got it easy! Tom Cruise should have stayed hooked up with his risky business co-star, she's the coolest and hottest chick in Hollywood,did your mommy tell you to break it off? Jim.
It's hard to belive that a book containing so much sex could be boring but this one manages to be just that. It's pretty much just one long bunch of sex action interspersed with bits of plot. While I like sex in my romances, I much prefer a good story to go with it. Sex right after meeting in the middle of snow storm in the back seat of a small car isn't my idea of erotic. The book seems more like an instructional manual than a novel. If all the sex scenes were removed, there might be 25 or so pages of story left. Yikes! Not a good thing at all!I never "got" the falling in love between the two main characters. Neither one is sexy or even interesting. There is far, far too much internal dialog going on. Somebody says something. The other person has a self-dialogue. Many paragraphs later, he/she responds. By then, I've forgotten what the original sentence was. Makes for hard reading. I found myself skipping ahead to see what was going to happen. I should have saved myself the trouble as nothing ever did. The ending can be seen coming a mile away. Who cares?This is the first book I've read by Ms. Kaufman. If it's typical, then it will be my last.
More quality work from Rush, following on from the monster that was Counterparts this too has more of a hard rock edge than the last few records, although softer than the aforementioned. It would be fair to refer to this collection as &quot;patchy&quot;, though the few standouts merited the 4 star rating. Opener Test for Echo is worthy of this bands best, tasty riff and solo with the epicness and articulateness which elevate Rush from your average hard rock. Driven continues the quality, with an incredibly groovy rhythm and hook. Totem is a lighter number with an anthropological bent and some smart lyrics. Its all listenable though the consistent high quality of the previous effort is lacking. The instrumental lags behind the last one in lacking the sheer melodic inspiration though its pretty good all the same. To hard rock fans, especially intellectuals, i'd say this is worth getting if your not strapped for cash, though get Counterparts first. I speak as a hard rock fan myself, to any prog rockers out there, well i don't know what to tell you.....
I love chess books and have a large and growing collection, even though I'm a very lowly class player. Most "general" books are filled with conventional advice, repeated over and over; then there are the "specialist" books that concentrate on specific opening lines, endgames, etc.There are two problems here for the class player. One is that the specialist books are, well, specialized, and especially for the books on opening theory, hard to apply by lowly class players (like me). The second problem is with the general books; they tend to say the same things over and over, and while the reinforcement is a good enough thing, there is again often a problem with specific application. When playing over the board, it's often hard for us "lower class" to see where the glittering generalities apply.Rowson takes a completely different approach in this book. Like his previous book, Seven Deadly Chess Sins, he looks into why we do things. In the present book, he starts out by considering why chess is "hard" and "hard to learn" and most importantly, why beyond a certain point we have trouble improving. He draws on his background in psychology (most aptly) and philosophy (most entertainingly) to make his points.And those points are well worth noting. I found an important insight into my own lack of progress in the first half hour of reading, one of those obvious but hard to realize things: I study too much! Rowson's discussion of how learning is applied, or more often not applied, is bound to help nearly anyone achieve a balance of study, and what I will call, based on the book, "applied play." Now, stop and reflect for just a moment how important this is, namely, learning how to balance study (and what you study) with actual play, so that your study can truly apply to your play. I have not seen such a good and useful treatment of this issue in any other book.His further discussion of moods, approaches, and attitudes is equally revealing, especially his treatment of the "noble apprentice" syndrome --- the idea that it's fine to lose as long as you learn something. I have always believed this, and still do, but Rowson points out how this can fatally sap your will to win. This is but one of the many gems in the first half of the book.The second half of the book looks at things like hard positions, and how you mentally approach them; there are then interesting chapters about white's advantages and black's advantages, expressed again in terms of how we approach them. The actual chess examples interspersed throughout are well annotated and apt, and contain discussion of thought process, approach, and attitude which reinforce the points made in the text.This book is really different and really stands out. If you are a class player, lowly or not; or even a higher species of chess player, this book will matter and make a difference. Delay for a bit your purchase of "10,000 Terrific Tactical Tactics" or "Secrets of 20... Qa3 In The Przybylski Declined" and read this book first.... but only if you want to really see a difference in your play.
What a fantastic collection of songs! Anybody who gives this CD a bad review has to be the biggest ignoramous that ever lived. The sound might not be perfect,(being home demos, and who knows what kind of shape the tapes were in?)However, the great music and the performances shine through nevertheless. (I recommend 7 Park Avenue over the more recent and far less consistent Pete Ham CD, &quot;Golders Green&quot;). I think about Pete Ham a lot and all that he had going for him, I mean, so much songwriting talent, a girlfriend who loved him, and why he would want to take his life. I hear all the stories, but, well at least we have this superb collection of his songs to cherish, a compilation that Pete would undoudtedly be proud to have released.
Man, everytime I read Alexie, I am reminded just HOW MUCH I love his work. When not actively reading him, I am aware that I think he is a brilliant author, but it seems that I must be in the act of devouring his words in order to become fully aware of the depths of my feelings. This is an AMAZING collection of short stories. Vignettes are where I think Alexie shines brightest, so that is a good thing. (Both his poetry and fiction are great, don't get me wrong, and "The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven" was a great blend of inter-connected vignettes (much like Sandra Cisneros's "House on Mango Street")). The title story blew my mind.This was a stunningly beautiful collection of stories. In the beginning I was a bit thrown off by some of the frank and unexpected sexual goings-on, but not for too long. Starting halfway through the book, with "The Sin Eaters" I felt that the stories began to be better than in the beginning. They were always good, but with "The Sin Eaters" and especially by "Indian Country" they were AMAZING!! The last four stories in this collection are some of the best writing I've ever read. *contented sigh* Just gorgeous and so powerful. (some of the observations about anthropologists and Collegiate responses/teachings to/about Native Americans were spot on and very amusing/cutting).
One of their best recordings ever. Though not as well produced as some of the later efforts (Get Your Wings, Rocks, Toys)It is a showcase of what this band could do. Steven, Joe, Tom, Brad and Joey all sound tight. The songs well written (if not covers of original blues songs from other artists).I would buy it before anything released after "Draw the Line". Most of Aerosmith's 80's stuff was over-produced junk. I mean would "Pump" stand up to the self titled first album? I dont think so. If you like straight ahead quality musicianship with demanding parts written for specific instruments get this one.
I am gadget freak and I bought this out of curiosity and flexibility hoping I can use this with ease but I find it a tough cookie to use. I am not really satisfied with this bracket at all. I can't find any use for this at the moment.
Who are these stupid women and why do we care? The two main female leads in this story are insipid, stuoid and very very annoying. The men in the book, should have run a mile. Otherwise (if you can stop your teeth from grinding) it is a passable vampire (Sort of) romance. The men are right, the author needs to get the women correct.
Unlike the other two reviewers who have posted here so far, I do not own the 1999 remaster of "Tapestry", so I have no problems with this incarnation. I do own the "Natural Woman" 2-cd set, which contains the entire album, and the sound on this edition is far superior. There's a lot more depth and clarity. But the main reason for my buying this was to hear the second CD of live versions. It's really amazing to hear these songs accompanied by Carole's piano only. It makes you realize that when you have songs this strong melodically and lyrically, you don't need a lot of frills added. I have one minor complaint--they list four concerts that the songs were taken from, but they don't specify which songs are from which concerts. I was in attendance at the 1973 Central Park concert, so I'd be interested to know what songs were included from that classic show. But that's a minor quibble. This is a wonderful edition of a landmark moment in pop music, and at such a reasonable price, it's well worth the investment. Carole's soulful and heartfelt singing is always welcome to these ears. Hey Sony, how about releasing newly remastered versions of Carole's other albums? : )
THIS WAS A GOOD BOOK, SOME SAY ITS TRUE TO FACT OTHERS DISAGREE. EITHER WAY I THOUGHT IT WAS INTERESTING
This album is fantastic! I listen to it all the time! If you like good blues and guitars, you'll love this CD!
Why would anybody pay money for this when you can buy HALF-LIFE for 20 bucks and download it for free along with hundreds of other mods. TFC and DoD are much better anyway. Save yourself the money and buy Half-Life instead.
They were cheap, and I wanted the original unaltered trilogy, so I picked them up. SADLY they are very poor-quality. The Special Editions look perfect (as you'd expect), but the Original Editions are recorded in very lo-resolution. For comparison:Originals = 540x320 = 180,000 pixels (copied from an analog laserdisc master - letterboxed)Special Editions=720x480 = 345,000 pixels (digital dvd - anamorphic)The originals are only recorded at 50% of the DVD's maximum resolution. Very poor quality, and it clearly shows on my large-screen tv in the form of blurry scenes/faces. Disappointing.
cartoon network made a grave mistake in making a movie out of aqua teen hunger force instead of the venture bros. this is, by far, the smartest, funniest, and most consistent series to come out of adult swim...and i can definitely see it making a seamless transition into full length feature-dom. i found athf novel for a while but quickly lost my interest for it. on the other hand, i keep going back to many of the venture bros episodes from season 1 and now i can hardly wait to start busting my gut with season 2. go team venture!
I do not know why Amazon did not take the time to at least list the movies on this DVD, but they didn't.Even stranger is why didn't those who were selling them at least list the titles.Anyways the 4 movies on this set are:Just CauseAltered StatesDead CalmWilliam Peter Blatty's The Ninth Configuration
My doctor became very upset that my blood anemia level was at level 5-6. A normal blood level is 10. I have severe anemia. I have suffered from anemia most of my life.He threatened to hospitalize me if we couldn't get my blood level up. He prescribed an iron product that contained over 85 mg of iron.I was also having some sinus and breathing difficulties. I went to my local organic food chain store looking for something that would ease my sinus issues.The store representative stated that persons who often suffer from anemia usually have sinus and breathing problems. I have been taking this product for 60 days, and my last doctor's checkup revealed that I had conquered my anemia.It also helped ease my sinus and breathing difficulties. I highly recommend this product.I purchased 30 tablets in a foil pouch box. One serving size contains 300 mg vit C, 30 mg vit E, 25 mg thiamin (vit B-1), 25 mg riboflavin (vit B-2), 50 mg niacin, 25 mg vit B-6, 400 mcg folate, 500 mcg vit b-12, 25 mg pantothenic acid, 25 mg calcium, 85 mg iron, 5 mg zinc, 10 mcg selenium, 2 mg copper, 5 mg mangnese, 50 mg L-cysteine, 25 mg proanthoplex (bioflavonoid, billberry,blackberry, green tea, and black & red raspberry), 15 mg beet, 2.5 mg bioperine.I take one tablet daily. There are no artificial colors and perservatives. Free from the common allergens yeast, wheat, and milk. After 40 years of anemia, I am finally free of this problem.When I skip a few days, I certainly feel the difference. I highly recommend this product for menstruating females. Not only did it cure my anemia, breathing problems, and exhaustion, it also cured cramps associated with the menstruattion cycle.It took the monthly stress off my reproductive system. I wish I had known about this product 40 years ago.
Good thing this item was cheap cause now it is useless to me. I bought it to siphon gas from my car to a gas can for use in my generator during the recent gas shortage/hurricane sandy event.The description of the item should have stated:THIS SIPHON WILL NOT WORK IN A CAR GAS TANK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This book was filled with the errors and mistakes of a lifetime. One wonders how such a bright a beautiful women could have married one man against her will and married another without loving him in the least.Ms O'Hara seems to be lacking in personal insight. She worked with John Ford on many occasions during her career but never seemed to comprehend that he was a master manipulator and a binge alcoholic. He set her up on multiple occasions to embarrass her but she never understood his insane games.Rather than keep quiet about the master manipulator, she wrote about Richard Boone and Peter Lawford being caught in a gay bar by the Australian press during the making of KANGAROO, also known as THE AUSTRALIAN STORY. John Ford arranged it so that she had to be the heroine and talk the press out of spreading the tale. This was clearly a setup, clear, that is, to everyone but the self-important Ms O'Hara. Fifty years later she had to trash Richard Boone's reputation by throwing this story into her book. Since this is the only tale she related about Boone, the tome was a waste to me.Still I persevered and read the entire book. Ms O'Hara had a habit of turning a blind eye to Ford's manipulations throughout her life. She allowed herself to be used and abused in films, and was physically injured in THE QUIET MAN while being dragged by John Wayne.It's too simple to judge retroactively the actions of a person based on current rules and this writer made an attempt not to do that. Nevertheless, Ms O'Hara complained continuously about personal attacks in the media of her time, yet she herself is guilty of the same character assassination.There are some who enjoy reading that sort of thing, this writer is not one of hem. However, there are some good points in this book. If one has any interest in John Wayne, the films Ms O'Hara made together with him and John Ford, there is some interesting material here. Ms O'Hara was John Wayne's best friend (or so she claims), and she was instrumental in acquiring the Congressional Medal of Honor for him.All in all, this is an average film star biography. Were it not for the sniping and character assassination, it would have received a much higher rating.
This is the first book that I have read by James and it will not be the last. I could not set it down. Very intriging concept. I am usually one to be discouraged by long chapters, This book only has 7 chapters all about 80 pages, but I could not stop reading it. It just kept going and going and getting better and better. I can't wait for my next Amazon order to get the other two books. If you are reading this order this book.
Perhaps the most fact-based documentary available on this quintessential Ponzi scheme. Madoff is a master con artist to be sure, but he is only the tip of a glacial mass on Wall Street. From reviewer comments here and elsewhere, it seems most folks just don't recognize the larger economic, social and ethical context in which this scam took place. Since Reagan, the waves of federal deregulation and the ill-conceived withdrawal of oversight literally created an incubation chamber for greed and abuse. The casino capitalism of Bush/Cheney opened the gates to outright fraud and rampant corruption.If we look back just a few years, Enron, Tyco and WorldCom were simply the prelude to Bear Stearns, Lehman Bros, Fannie, Freddie, AIG -- and Madoff. Sadly, America is becoming a nation that knows the price of everything... and the value of nothing. From corporate debt that is reported as assets, to fantasy home mortgages that are expected to default, to the "Lifestyles of the Rich and Shameless" mentality that is so widely promoted by the media and embraced by the public, it is abundantly obvious that this nation has lost it's moral compass. To quote Justice Louis Brandeis, "We can have democracy in this country, or we can have great wealth concentrated in the hands of a few, but we can't have both."
I'll sum this up as quickly and emphatically as I can. The whole family can listen to this entire CD without tantrums from parties on either side of the age of majority.Frank Black's song alone is worth the price of admission (and then some)and I have been caught singing Bubbles' song at the supermarket.Your CD carousel is incomplete without this little gem!
Since your kids will be subjected to state-sponsored liberal propaganda from the first day they enter school, books like this are a necessary and healthy antidote. Since the basic tenets of conservatism make much more sense than the feel-good puppydog ideas of the liberals, even kids pick up the difference quickly when it is presented so clearly and simply as in this book.The outraged howling of the liberal reviewers regarding this book speaks volumes about the way they feel about anyone attempting to break their monopoly on the education of children: "Give us your children at school and they will be ours forever."I've bought 5 copies to hand out as gifts.
If the game is so great, why isn't there a decent trailer that shows the actual gameplay?You can go online and see reviews about how "great" yesterday's games were also...I can read 100 positive reviews, but I still won't buy a $60 game until I can see the darned thing - at least ONE SECOND of game play...come on, don't tell me all the marketing money was wasted on a teaser!
On the surface, this game appears to promote good Christian morals, but when you look more closely, it becomes obvious that players are able to game the system with "good deeds."If there were any connection between this game and the real world, it would have three squares: Believe in your heart; confess with your tongue; and go directly to heaven, do not pass go, do not collect $200. Period.Also, it would not have dice, or as we call them, "the Devil's sugarcubes."
What do you do when your filmmaker is 9 and your video camera ran you $650?Hand them a flip.It's simple to use and reasonably priced. My kids are able to use both hardware and software independently, they create their own shows, upload it to the computer and then they're able to edit it themselves.You are not going to get perfect quality, it's low resolution (grainy even) and zooms without precision.What you do get is hours and hours of pleasure and quick results, it's durable and easy to store.At this price point it's the only Digital Video Camera worth owning.Who knows, maybe your kid is the next Steven Spielberg?
I saw it in London, and there are literally only 2 good things about it: Burt walking upside down, and a few new (darker) additions from the original book.Nearly all the original charm and SONGS from the Walt Disney film are missing. The new additional songs are DREADFUL and were not written by the Sherman Brothers (They weren't allowed to write new songs for this due to the miserable old broad author hating the film and having on her deathbed the proviso that Shermans were not to have anything to do with a stage version)What a waste.
MUCH better than the cheap inflatables found in pool and similar stores. It even has pressure indicators to ensure you don't over-inflate the boat.It can be rigged with sail, though the sail kit costs about 10 times the price of the boat. It can also be used with a trolling motor. It can easily carry two large people, or three average sized-ones, plus some groceries. Four adults would max it out, despite it's claim of 5 people.It's best use is probably as a dingy (with oars or a trolling motor) for a power boat or sail boat for those time when you cannot or don't want to tie up at a dock (cost). It is no where near as strong or durable as a Zodiac or similar 'professional' inflatable or RIB, but then the cost is 1/20 to 1/50 as much, it weighs practically nothing, and inflates easily with a small 12 (car) or 117 volt air compressor. You can use a foot pump, but you will want an electric after the first time! In fact, it is small and light enough that you could carry it on an airplane as baggage if you are going to rent a boat for a vacation and it does not come with a tender.Also, I would think it would be good on a small lake for fishing or just exploring.It is probably the best inflatable for the money. Keep it out of the sun when not in use to make it last longer. Mine is 5+ years old and still looks great.
I love the old works of Stephen Baxter, but dislike his modern works to such a degree that I can hardly believe it is the same author; it's as if someone has stolen his identity and in the last 7 or so years has been publishing with his name. Nevertheless, RAFT is a very creative story that takes you to another universe with a different set of physics. I was in awe at times, in wonderment at others, and felt disgusted with some of the themes, but there is a story here that will fascinate.What I do find unlikely, from a sociological point of view, is Baxter's British worldview, which places individuals in living conditions which they are either unable or unwilling to change, even when given an opportunity. The cannibal Boney people, for instance, willingly trade with Belt traders, but do not care to take over the Belt fellow's craft in order to escape the nightmare of their decaying home of human waste and dead bodies. Are the Boneys happy, or so apathetic, that they would ignore such a thing and continue to let their children grow up in a hopeless, utterly pointless existence on a little ball of dead bodies, and how long can anyone survive drinking their own...? Give me a break.. that is implausible. The nonsensical unwillingness for characters to warn others when bad things are about to happen is baffling: why would someone knowingly allow a train of events to occur, and then deal with the consequences, when one might have stopped them from happening? It's more of the same--"this is your lot in life, and there's nothing you can do about it" worldview. The social strata of the people in this alternate universe Nebula seem to have parallel to the social strata of Britain--whether as an intended social parody or not, I cannot say, but I would hope that this is intentional and not just Baxter's subconscious worldview exerting influence over his story. One might find a similar parody in H.G.Wells, if indeed a parody it is.
I purchased this recently. Last week I took it to my doctor's office to compare with the readings that the doctor and nurse obtained with a traditional cuff. We did four or five comparisons, and the wrist BP monitor was not even in the same ballpark. It wasn't consistently high or low, just erratic.My doctor recommends an arm cuff over any wrist monitor, not just this model.
Everything that can be said about Gleim's books has already been... This is quite simply the most cost-effective way to take the FAA Written Exam for the ATP. With the exception of my Private Pilot Written, I have used the Gleim for every single FAA Test through MEI and ATP. Seminars may be quicker, but I cannot imagine them being worth the expense.Simply highlight the answers and go through the book two or three times. Read the question, read the answer. Voila! Guaranteed pass. You'll be surprised how much you learn/relearn along the way, too. It takes a little longer than a seminar, but it's worth it.
I took another chance and ordered this title (again) this week, as "shipped and sold by Amazon.com." By God, Raro actually did it! They repressed this title and it plays without glitch. I can now tell you not to hesitate to buy this from Amazon. Beware 3rd party sellers, however, because there are still LOTS of defective copies out there on the market.
I've always liked flight jackets but most of them are a bit short waisted for me. When I found that Amazon had a flight jacket in long sizes available through Captain Dave's I was quick to order one and I'm pleased to report that this seems to be a very well made garment with good materials and workmanship. It's warm but lightweight. I look forward to many long years of service as I face those brutal winter mornings here in Tucson. :)
Yes. Get with the program Amazon! Get this movie and get it NOW!!!
This stand has extraordinary build quality, and feels extremely sturdy, but I still have mixed feelings about its usability.It's rather difficult to adjust. Each of the joints is locked down by a hex bolt, which is good for sturdiness and long life, but clumsy to use and requires you to have a hex key around at all times. When they're locked down tight, there is still just enough "give" in the joints for last-minute adjustments, which is handy. But go to far and the bolts start to loosen and you're reaching for the hex key again. Additionally, there are two sizes of hex key needed, depending on what you're adjusting. Both are supplied.The height is also hard to manage - there's only one vertical joint, which uses a momentary locking mechanism that you push while adjusting. Supporting the monitor's weight with the other hand makes it easy to get the joint to unlock, but makes the effort clumsy. Thankfully, though, the vertical joint provides plenty of height for use while seated.While the overall build quality is superb, the seemingly-inconsequential cable management clips are poorly designed. Two plastic clips thread through the arm from opposite sides and are supposed to "click" together. Mine never click. The slightest movement causes them to pop apart. A minor thing, but nonetheless annoying.It's possible to remove the middle arm for shallower desks. This is a nice feature and I might take advantage of it in the near future.There are lots of high-quality parts included, including thumbscrews, an adapter plate and several mounting options. The included instructions are a little puzzling, but they do the trick.So why the 4-star review? Because this is an awesome product for under $70. There isn't a better monitor arm at this price, and few with this level of finish quality. If you're in the market and price sensitive, it's worth putting up with its quirks. For around double the price, the new Ergotron LX mount seems like the more substantial bet.
This is a dollar store quality shaver. The light never worked and the attachments don't either. Not a good system for facial hair removal since there is little control and it is a SHAVER. You don't want to remove facial hair this way. Stay away from this one.
I bought this one and the companion to it. They are TERRIBLE!The pictures are almost impossible to follow. Some of the hand movements do not make sense and if you don't already know the sign, you will not figure it out.Also, this is NOT ASL! this is SIGNED EXACT ENGLISH.I am so disappointed! I do not recommend these books to ANYONE.
Madison Square Garden is the WWF's home base, and whenever theyreturn to the arena for a show, they always try to put on an excellentone. So what better place to go for the first PPV of the new millennium than good old MSG? I'll tell you right now that Royal Rumble 2000 went beyond my expectations. It's the best PPV that WWF has put on in a long, LONG time, killing anything 1999 spewed out, as with most of 1998. It's a must-see for WWF fans everywhere.Now here's how the story was going at this time: The McMahon-Helmsley Era is in total power, Vince having left in disgust of HHH and his daughter Stephanie the day after ARMAGEDDON. HHH captures the WWF title for the third time from the Big Slow on the first Raw of 2000 and is once again truly &quot;The Game&quot;. As HHH and Steph swing their stroke around arrogantly, Mankind voices his displeasure and gets the crap kicked out of him. HHH books a match: The Rock vs. Mankind in a Pink Slip on a Pole match, where the loser would have to retire. Well, unsurprisingly, Foley loses. Fast forward to two weeks or so later - every WWF superstar unites and threatens to walk out on HHH and Steph if certain stipulations are not met, including reinstating Mick Foley. So Foley's back and the number one contender for the WWF title at Royal Rumble. On Smackdown, Foley says Mankind is in no condition to wrestle HHH in a Street Fight at Royal Rumble and therefore needs a replacement. Two words: BANG BANG! CACTUS JACK IS BACK!As I said before, this PPV rocked the entire arena and the homes of anybody watching. I can't imagine a WWF missing out on this classic. First off, there's Kurt Angle vs. Tazz, who was only known to be a mystery opponent before the PPV. It was a decent match, and gave Tazz a good headstart. The Dudleys vs. Hardyz in a Table Match was hardcore and exciting, exposing some great talent and elevating both tag teams in the WWF. These teams can put on a hell of a show and much is expected from them in the future. The triple threat IC title match with co-champions Chris Jericho and Chyna and Hardcore Holly was decent, scoring Y2J another victory. The Bikini contest... um, I'll just stop now. The Outlaws and Acolytes fight was a quickie and didn't need the little promo preceding the match telling how the feud started if the whole thing was going to end in less than 6 minutes anyway.Now the WWF Championship match: HHH had been my favorite wrestler for quite some time, and this match, the Street Fight, earned him some new respect from me and I think most WWF fans. HHH and Foley destroyed each other in this match, putting on one of the best main events ever. I think these two truly belong in the ring together. They know a thing or two about putting on a good show, and did NOT disappoint in this one. It had everything from barbed wire on a stick, to chair shots, to blood, to handcuffs, to thumbtacks (! ). And in the end, HHH comes out victorious (YEAH! )The Rumble itself is good, Rikishi stealing a good amount of the show. It's nice to see Rikishi and Too Cool dance in the middle of the match. The Rock's pop is enormous and the crowd really gets into it as he dominates and wins the fight. The end is also a very good and controversial setup for the Raws and Smackdowns to come.I suggest that if you're a WWF fan and have not seen this, get off your butt and watch it!
This is a wonderful piece that truly captures the essence of the story St. John puts out on paper. The narration by Christopher Plummer is wonderful and spectacular performances by Stuart Bunce as John and particularly Henry Ian Cusick as Jesus. He has changed the way Jesus is portrayed from a cut off savior, to a very human man. Also beautiful cinematography. The film is very well put together and a treat for any Christian to watch.
I regret I am unable to give this zero stars, and even that would be too complementary to a movie that was pure torture to watch. I watched the MST3K version of this film, so I had the benefit of hearing the wisecracks and jokes, and my daughter and I still decided it was the worst thing we had ever seen. The pace of the movie is excruciatingly slow, the plot...such as it was...could only be described as something extracted from a dull witted 3 year old, and the cinematography was horrid. Don't question how Satan and Santa end up on the screen together, rather rue the fact that someone thought it a good idea. If this movie was attempting to cater to the chronically depressed, then it succeeds towards that end, and if you don't happen to be a depressive you will be by the time the end of this movie finally drags into view. I apologize for not attempting a synopsis of the story, but I do occasionally suffer from depression myself, and I don't want to trigger another episode.At any rate, suffice it to say that a sentence is entirely too long to sum up the plot of this stinker anyway. Several people have commented that this movie is so bad that it is good, but I believe that it is so bad, it is horrible. My recommendation is to have a lobotomy, amputate a limb, drive nails into your skull, or paste yourself with honey and lay on an anthill before you subject yourself to the torment that is this film. That way it won't seem quite so bad...maybe.
This is an updated review. I initially gave this product one star. I was wrong.I first used this trap when we had a mouse infestation in a storage area. I checked the trap daily like the instructions said and I was using peanut butter as bait. It caught no mice. I removed the bait and put the unit up on a storage shelf and forgot about it.Today we were doing some cleaning and rearranging of storage items. I noticed that the trap had mouse feces on top of it. I laughed and told my wife that the mice had expressed their opinion of the trap by pooing on it. When I opened the trap up I found at least a dozen mice in it. I was very surprised. One even had reddish colored hair with a white underbelly. Probably somebodies pet that they turned loose. Normally the only mice I have seen in the wild are gray.Apparently the trap still had the odor of peanut butter in it. One mouse must have entered and then the others followed later out of curiosity.
Mass ammounts of deep bass, collide with lyrics, that are written, and displayed flawlessly. X raided, T-nutty, and NoLove show that MADMAN can only get better. And if that proves to be right, then any albums released will far exceed my expectations. Because the Initiation went high above my hopes to begin with. Besides only one track, this cd can be bumped at full throttle all the way through. That's how ive been doin it, since the day it came out. X is always gonna keep it thoro, by laying down well thoughtout lyrics, and then precisely relaying them with thee siccest style. T-nutty's flows unravel very quick, with unique twists in changing the vocal tempo, and he has a different sounding voice too. Speaking of originality. NoLove's presence on this cd didnt come in quantity, but the tracks he tore a lil somthin on, show a very entertaining style, and a lotta potential. Also there's a few other rappers on the label too. If you wanna initiate yourself into real rap, then purchasing this would be a big step forward.
I massage horses for a living and this book added some new stretches to my library of stretches. Just be very very careful doing these on your horse.
I hope the guys at amazon are reading this. The author's name is FEARON not Fearson, no "S"! Unless my book is misspelled!!
Yes, a AA battery will fit inside this thing.No, a AA battery doesn't last very long compared to a D cell battery.I bought one of these for a baby bouncy seat. AA batteries don't last a day, when Ever-ready rechargable D cell batteries lasted a week or more.Not a product problem by any means, but the whole idea ends up being not so great.If you've got something that takes D cell batteries, probably whoever designed it figured out the smaller, lighter, cheaper AA batteries wouldn't do the job. Don't second guess the designer. Use real D cells.
I like it very much. Purchased second copy as gift for my Son for Christmas. He really loves it. Quite a man.
To all of the High School Musical fans out there, if you don't already have the cd, go get it right now. There are additional songs, including a very sickening song by B5. Here are the ratings and comments about each song...1. Start of Something New ^^^Great harmony with the both of them.^^^ 9.0/102. Get'cha head in the game^^^In the movie, a great song to get you dancing and start playing basketball. The song itself just makes you want to sing along and dance with them. Pretty talented.^^^ 9.2/103. What I've Been Looking For^^^Maybe not for everybody, but this is tied with one of my favorite songs. This song is for me, but I know that it might sound odd for a few people.^^^ 9.8/104. What I've Been Looking For (Reprise)^^^Also, a song that is worth listening to! This song actually sounds like they are singing. Ryan and Sharpay sound liked they had it fixed up with a computer. 9.6/105. Stick to the Status Quo^^^Okay...not the best song to me on the soundtrack. The people that are "confessing" are not the same people in the movie. Doesn't matter, it is still alright.^^^ 8.6/106. When There Was Me and You^^^I am not a big fan of slow songs like this, but this is okay. This is not the song that you would listen to first. I've listened to it a few times, not many times.^^^ 8.4/107. Bop to the Top^^^Very catchy. Makes you want to dance!!! You can also notice that is not really them singing live. You can hear that it has been fixed on the computer. They are my favorite with the songs somehow. This song is more Spanish like, which can make you want to party!!!^^^ 9.7/10 (Not perfect)8. Breaking Free^^^You can "almost" hear that they are completely singing. It is a great harmony song, and a great song to sing along with. It shows that they have some skills in this movie. Great job with this song!!!^^^ 9.6/109. We're All in This Together^^^ The second best song to start dancing to. (#1 is Bop to the Top) Amazingly catchy! It keeps you wanting to listen to it over and over again. It was one of the first songs that I listened to on the album!!!^^^9.7/1010. I Can't Take My Eyes Off of You^^^Easily "my" favorite song on the album. It might not be to some people. This song is new on the soundtrack and was not in the movie. Basically, it is when all of the main characters (Troy, Gabriella, Ryan, and Sharpay) sing in one song together. That is what makes it cool. Not the dancing type song, just so you know. It is also not so catchy at first. You have to get used to it easily.^^^10/1011. Get'cha Head in the Game (Preformed by B5)^^^After the first time, I never ever wanted to listen to that again. It is sickening. It almost brought this soundtrack down to a 4 star. This group just copies songs from Disney Channel because they have nothing else to do. Terrible!^^^1.0/10The last to songs are Karaoke versions, which means that there are no singing, but just the music, and they let you sing along with it. It is probably just a way to put a few more tracks on anyway. I know that the computer fix-ups are noticeable, but they did a very good job. It is my #1 album right now at the time. This is the album for any age to look for!!!
I must say I love this movie out of all 13 of them. This is absolutely one of my favorites. Also the animation still is close to original. After this Land before time film, the animation goes downhill. And I was a former animation major so I can tell the difference.Overall the story was great, animation is still good, characters are still in characters as far as personality, the songs are good too. Buy this film :)
I really enjoyed this book. It is as good as the firts Amber book (Nine Prices in Amber?) and much better than those in the second Amber saga (Merlin whatever???) I just ordered the second book in this series, can't wait to get it.
The path that got me to this review is interesting, I was looking for theblu-ray of Office Space, a great movie. To me there is no doubt thatShepard Mead's book keeps rolling through movies like Office Space, andcartoons like Dilbert. Shepard mead did it first, and it is timeless,regardless of the ways work has changed since he wrote it. I grew up withmy dad's copy of the book (he actually did work on a desk in rows in the1950's). Later I "rediscovered" the book in a modern printing, but foundI missed the original illustrations, and so found a copy of the originalhardbound.The book is very funny, and cuts so close to the truth that to this day,I don't dare bring it into work. After 30+ years in the office world,I would say that the book still is 90% true of the office environmenttoday.
Be very careful of Symantec. Their product packaging says it applies to a certain operating system, but in reality it doesn't and you can't get it upgraded to apply unless you buy "another" package, so why pay twice? Don't trust the Symantec packaging. I spent 5 hours on the phone tonight with: tech support, who then determined it was a customer support issue, and then, surprise, customer support sent me back to tech support, who then (are you as tired yet as I was) sent me to customer support, who gave me a phone number to call that, slightly over an hour later (I wanted to see how long it took), was answered, and who knows if they are gonna help me, I gotta send in a bunch of paperwork. How do I know why their software that says it works on this operating system doesn't work?
If you never saw West Side Story, the most brilliant musical in the history of cinema, it is a true epic indeed. Although the storyline is the same to Romeo and Juliet, the film is acted in street style and the film teaches us about prejudice and hate. The characters are memorable and the music is sensationally stunning, especially &quot;Tonight&quot;. You must see this.
THE BEST PART OF THIS FILM WAS...THE END, BECAUSE, THANKFULLY, THIS MINDLESS, UNIMAGINABLE EXCUSE FOR A FILM CAME TO A MUCH DESERVED...END. POOR PETER CUSHING, HOW HE GOT ROPED INTO APPEARING IN THIS FILM, EVEN IN A MINOR ROLE, IS BEYOND ME. THIS FILM WAS LIKE, McMILLIAN AND WIFE MEETS BLACULA MEETS GERALDO RIVERA AT THE WILLOWBROOK MENTAL INSTITUTION ON STATEN ISLAND, BAD!!!!!!!! IF YOU WANT TO TORTURE SOMEONE, MAKE THEM WATCH THIS FILM. LIFE IS WAY TOO SHORT TO WASTE YOUR TIME WITH LOUSY FLICKS LIKE THIS FILM. THIS IS LIKE ONE OF THOSE FILMS YOU SAW AT A DRIVE-IN THEATER, WHEN YOU SPENT MORE TIME IN THE BACK SEAT OF YOUR CAR WITH YOUR GIRLFRIEND THAN IN THE FRONT SEAT WATCHING GARBAGE LIKE THIS. AMICUS FILMS STRUCK OUT LIKE A-ROD WITH THE BASES LOADED ON THIS ONE.
Molly Rice returns from an almost three year absence with what may be her best Intrigue yet, &quot;Protecting His Own.&quot; Katelynn Adams was only the babysitter, until a desperate call from the children's mother sent her on the run with them. The mother's body was found later that night, and Kate has been in hiding ever since, raising another woman's children as her own... Joe Riley never knew about the twins he'd fathered, and his search to find them leads him to Kate's door. It also brings back the danger she'd been fleeing all those years ago. Suddenly, the family is on the run again, with Joe forced to protect the children he never knew, and the only mother they've ever known.It's always nice to find an Intrigue that has the power to truly surprise me, and this was one. Rice tells a taut, suspenseful tale sure to keep readers riveted, and just when you think she's settled into a groove and you know where the plot's going, she delivers a jolt that sends her characters in another direction. There were about three times when I had to put down the book and recover from a sudden plot twist (although in retrospect, at least one of them shouldn't have been so surprising. More savvy readers than me might catch on quicker). The climax alone contains a horrifying moment sure to send shivers down your spine. Anyone who's grown weary of predictable category romances: Get to your bookstore now!While that element is what makes &quot;Protecting His Own&quot; such a standout, it also fulfills the requirements of romantic suspense. Although throwing the reader right into the action means the character development doesn't start until a ways in, Rice does take the time to show Joe's growing devotion to his children and the possibility that these people can truly form a family. The six-year-old twins, Robbie and Ashleigh, are more &quot;real&quot; than the too-cute kids in so many romances and played a key part of the story. The heroine does have an unfortunate tendency to be slow on the uptake at times, but with her inner strength and determination to keep her children safe no matter what, she is a true heroine. These are four characters it is impossible not to care about, which makes the sudden circumstances they're caught in so much more compelling.Now that I've said all that, buy the book for the thrills. Although not one of the bigger name authors, Rice has written a book worth getting for anyone looking for a story both surprising and heartwarming.
The Scroll is illuminating with real names of all the characters (not that we don't know them by now)and a more detailed and authentic description of Kerouac's travels going back to 1947. There are a hundred pages of commentary on the Scroll at the start of the book. The Howard Cunnel piece is an excellent researched history of the Scroll and the subsequent manuscripts that eventually were published as On the Road and Visions of Cody. The other commentary is pedantic and could easily be skipped. I think the version of On The Road that was published in 1957 is superior to the Scroll. It has better form, better flow and better writing..( a more polished and mature work). What it lacks is some of the directness and explicitness of language in the Scroll. The 57 version of On The Road is sanitized, but not to the degree most would think. The shape, vibrancy, scope and rush of language of the Scroll are quite amazing when you remember that it was written in three weeks, K. high on coffee, and the text totally unedited. And it is also clear, that K. started revising and editing the Scroll just after he finished it...because it has its redundancies and rough edges. Reading this was like finding the lost treasure chest of your dreams..filled with gold, rubies and clam shells.....
I went into this with no hint of plot/characters ... and was surprised at its quality. The writing was crisp and the technique of jumping from the present/past worked well to slowly unfold the deep fraternity between these veterans of war. More than half way through, I found it hard to stop - wondering how else these men could generally screw up their lives.The ending? At first, just good. But once I put the novel down and had time to breathe, I realized just how perfect it all was. Overall, a great story of pride and war and wishful thinking.
Remember the hip-hop group Arrested Development and their Grammy-award winning single &quot;Tennessee&quot;? Ever wondered who the woman was who sang such a soulful plea to &quot;take me home?&quot; That woman is Dionne Farris, who left AD to strike out on her own. &quot;Wild Seed/Wild Flower&quot; is the debut effort by this singer/songwriter/producer. On this album Farris shows that for her, there is only one race-the human race. From her power-pop/rock influenced vocals on &quot;I Know&quot; (the breakthrough single of the album) to her melodious impression of the Beatles' &quot;Blackbird&quot;, Farris treats her audience to a broad musical vista that spans smooth R&amp;B to fiery rock vocals. Farris, is backed up on this effort by David Ryan Harris, another African American artist who crosses many musical styles to develop a style all his own. (He's worth checking out too). This was one of my top ten releases of 1993-94. I eagerly await Farris' sophomore effort.
The author had unlimited access but tells a very unbalanced story.My main issue is (like Thucydides20) that the academics are totally ignored. That is such a huge part of life at the Point, as various grads have told me.Also, the regular Honor Code scandals is another point ignored in the book. The book talks about the Honor Code with a "see no evil" mentality. Yet every 10-15 years, regular as clockwork, there is a cheating scandal related to that code.While we are at it, there is very little written about the teachers. It is a shame Lipsky chose not to spend any time with them.I also had major problems with the format of the book, it jumps around way too much. Just when you are starting to get a feel for a cadet, you are jerked away from that person.I have spent a lot of time at the Point and have great affection for the institution and its people. It is a shame that given unlimited access, Lipsky did such a poor job.
Soundscapes of atmospheric rock. The opening track to Faulter's Darling Bud's of May will have new 30 Seconds to Mars fans standing on their seats screaming the anthemic chorus and swaying in slow unison to this melancholic burner. Not to sit on their hands for too long, Faulter kicks it into pop rock high gear for "I Think We Need to Talk" by channeling the spirit of Taking Back Sunday and Jimmy Eat World and the vaguely reminiscent Jimmy Eat Worldesque "October 16th." This may be one of the first discs where the promotional material that came with it actually nailed what this band sounded like. The tightness of their sound is only helped by the drumming of Josh Freese (A Perfect Circle/Nine Inch Nails) but to be honest, these kids can write a good song even if they're not leaving the box to do it. Don't sleep on them but don't take them for more than they are!
Trying to sum up my feelings about the work that was left behind by the amazing man that was Bill Hicks is a very hard thing for me to attempt. I have been a huge fan since around '91, and while i love each of his 4 albums, I would have to say that &quot;Relentless&quot; would have to be my favorite. Bill's views on the world.....from everything from religion and drugs, to war and pornography, never failed to cause a stir, but also to make people think about they're own personal beliefs. And as Bill said many times, the whole point was to FEEL something, be it understanding or anger. I can only imagine what his take on the world would be today. He is greatly missed in a world that is far too dull without him.
The pressure in the nozzle reduced so much after 4 uses that this sprayer has become unusable. Round-up canister sprayer works better than this Gilmour.
Trail of Dead are one of my favorite bands, and I can't say that I've heard anything bad that has their name on it. This, their second album, sounds less polished than &quot;Source Tags + Codes&quot; yet remains in the vein of gorgeously constructed and well thought out indie rock. Aside from the key rockin' tracks which make up about half the album; there are these great, what I like to call, &quot;darker&quot; pieces of music; these songs greatly add to the overall strange mood of this album. Most of my favorite songs off of this, in fact, are some of these departures from your average indie-rock fodder, including &quot;Children of Hydra's Teeth&quot;, &quot;Aged Dolls&quot;, and &quot;Day the Sky Turned Blue&quot;. Altogether this is a great album that closely rivals it's more recent accomplice &quot;Source Tags + Codes&quot;. This band has yet to fail in impressing me, and I definitely think this is worth a listen if you appreciate an album that you can sink your teeth into.
Talk about kicking a dead horse - Max needs to find a new theme or lyrical content for his albums.His writing style has deteriorated with ony two possible good songs on this record.If you want to listen to purest Soulfly stuff get max's first and second albums. After the second album he only manages to revamp his old songs with only a few classics.Needs more new blood in his band to continue the way he is.If you want to here any bands that can continue kicking out the goods get any of Slayers, Slipknots or Machineheads albums none of these ever disappoint compared to how Max I think has let down fans on this album.Hopefully he can expand with the next album - the only thing cool on this album is the Cover !!
I couldn't believe this was a Millie Criswell book. I loved all of her historical novels. But I just can't get into her contemporaries. And this is the the worst of those.There is no depth to any of these characters. I could never get a handle on what was going on with them. Michael seemed to be a jerk. Ellie I'm not sure exactly what she is.Friend Becky is a total throwaway. Just there for our heroine to give sage advice to. First Becky was fine. She loved her husband and baby. Then, she was too wimpy to tell him she didn't want to move to Long Island and live next door to her mother-in-law. Then, she was getting a divorce. Little pain showing there.Also, a big deal was made of the fact that it was against policy for UN workers to date. Michael offered to give up his position if he and Ellie got married. After that, nothing more was mentioned. What did they do? Was it OK for a married couple to work together? He was her boss, after all. Seems to me an epilogue was called for. The book just has an unfinished air about it.This book was so boring and I really wanted to like it. I like this genre.
A very easy going movie Randolph Scott towards end of his career made Westerns his fortay supporting cast is good as well and you knew bad guys were going to get it
I had never heard of James Peterson before, but this was the CD that his son Lucky was selling at his latest gig at Biscuits & Blues in San Francisco. I took it home and, on the strength of a great show, bought a couple of JP's CDs on Amazon. I got to tell you, though, "If You Can't Fix it" is my favorite. James' voice isn't as strong as it once was, but he's singing several of his own tunes (with Lucky playing organ) and he uses what he's got to great effect. He can still hit the notes he needs to, and his material is top-notch. Check out the title tune, and "Too Young to Die." These are the real blues. They could have been written yesterday, but the echoes go back a long time.
It's a great album, a sort of male Victoria Williams, with off-kilter tunes like Killing Me mixed in with some really nice country and folk-style tunes. His voice keeps things from ever getting ordinary. Definitely worth giving someone you've never heard of a chance in this case.
After waiting anxiously for this game to be delivered, we were very disappointed to get an error after installing. We went to the eidos web site and discovered that this is apparently a common problem and that the disk was defective. The web site gave an 800 number to call that went to an automated service with no information about the defective disk.If eidos knows there are defective disks then they shouldn't sell them, nor should Amazon continue to ship them. There will be some disappointed kids on Christmas day, just as mine are right now!
First of all, i've seen worse films.That being said, the movie was still not that good...the acting wasn't great, the story was dull, the gore factor from one to ten was 3 (lots and lots of blood but nothing else) and the actual creature "the item" was pretty funny looking and in a way pretty cute too, and what i mean is teddy bear cute! (is this a horror film?)The only reason i gave this movie two stars is because it actually made me keep on watching, like it put a spell on me and i couldn't press stop on the player...Weird!When it was all done, i then tried to figure out, what was the point of this film? Was there a meaning to all this? What was in the director's head? Why would someone produce this film after reading the script? Who decidedthat the creature would look like that? and finally, the big question "What's up with the ending"..i fast forwarded the credits to think maybe something would come up, but of course..nothing!!**IF YOU WERE INVOLVED WITH THIS FILM AND YOU ARE READING THIS, CAN YOU PLEASE EXPLAIN TO ME WHAT'S UP WITH THAT ENDING, AND THEN WHY THIS MOVIE WAS ACTUALLY MADE?**
Not as labeled by the producer. I am a SUCKER because I bought this CD set as described by the producer. I paid $12.47 to learn a valuable lesson. I will never buy another product again without reading the AMAZON reviews. I do not know what I was thinking taking a title at face value. I will blame it on lack of sleep. I use RELAXING classical music to get to sleep. These CDs contain such music but it is interlaced with VOCALS. The human voice can be stimulating and in some operas and chorals it is. Disc one gets you almost asleep with two relaxing instrumental tracks and then WHAP vocal. And disc two begins with the Bach vocal "SLEEPERS, WAKE!". I screwed up royally. If I had just read the reviews. David Raasch: "...vocals"; Nancy Sanka: "If it wasn't for the opera."; Serratia Jones: "Apart from the vocals."; James Stewart: "...offset by disturbing operatic voices." It is a good CD of great music but the vocals are stimulating NOT relaxing. I DO NOT recommend this set of CDs for anyone to use when trying to get to sleep. This is not unique. It seems that many "relaxing" CD collections are made by sadists who have two or three bands of soft music and then insert a hoedown or a march. It is all very frustrating for the sleep deprived. I noticed of the eighty plus reviewers there were only three verified purchasers and some reviews read like they were using the sample clips to make the review which is like reading the first two sentences of each chapter of a novel and then making a review. Many five star reviews seem written from the same script and some persons made multiple five star reviews separated by time. None verified purchasers. This CD set appears to have been hyped by the MADE FOR TV crew. So sad. But they got me! I played percussion in a symphony orchestra and concert band and snare drum and then cymbals in a military marching band. I truly appreciate good classical and march music.
As an extremely busy person, I am always looking for fast and easy things to cook and bake. The Bisquick Cookbook is perfect for me! The recipes typically call for ingredients that you have on hand and are always easy to make. For example, this weekend I woke up Saturday morning, we were snowed in, and I wanted to have something besides cereal for breakfast. I started browsing through my various cookbooks and the only one that came through for me was this one. This is a great cookbook!
Ugh! This book was awful. I started reading it a year ago and got so bored and annoyed that I put it back on the shelf. This week I finally bit the bullet, took it down off the shelf again and finished it, but, oh, I wish I hadn't bothered. This was not a good book. It was not even a bearable book. And most importantly of all, it was not a romance book...if you want to read a love story, don't bother with this book at all. Nor was it true erotica, since none of the love scenes were remotely pleasurable or exciting to read nor even the faintest bit realistic.The hero was REPULSIVE. He was arrogant, nasty and psychopathic. Moreover, he was misogynistic, and I don't think he was ever truly nice to even one woman, apparently vastly preferring the company of men. He slept around, and cast women off like old shoes. Some of those he slept with were after his marriage to the heroine. He didn't seem to care for his wife at all. He gave her horrifying lectures on wifely obedience that seem shocking even for the nineteenth century, telling her that she had to obey him, and threatening her if she didn't. And although the author went to great pains to point out that he was pretty much the most skilled lover of all time...well, he didn't seem to do or know much at all in the boudoir...he seemed to me like a rank amateur. All of these negative attributes made me question the author's assertion that the hero was irresistible to all women. I doubt women would ever be so dumb as to fall for someone like that. I know I wouldn't. He was less appealing than the town oaf, the town pickpocket and the town drunk all rolled into one. Which reminds me, he was also constantly drunk, and in the manner of some problem drinkers spent his time swearing, arguing and threatening women. I hated him! The word 'no' seemed to be an aphrodisiac to him. In almost every love scene in this book, the heroine repeatedly said no to the hero and tried to fight him off or run away. But he went ahead and took her anyway, using lovemaking as a weapon. Uh, isn't that called rape? He kidnapped her, he forced her, he tied her up, and never in a playful, consenting way. That was not romantic, it was not appealing, it was awful. But no matter how repulsive he was, the heroine kept falling for him and putting up with him, which gave me no respect for her either. By the end of the book, the hero hadn't redeemed himself in my eyes; the best he could do was imply that he might be faithful and stick around with his wife from then on in. And yet, that was supposed to be the happy ending, and the epilogue pretty much said that they live happily ever after. Yes, because cheating abusive husbands are always great at suddenly mending their ways and being the best of men from then on! (NOT!)Besides being boring and having unappealing characters, this book was also absolutely riddled with grammatical errors and spelling mistakes. That was constantly annoying! One of my 'favourite' typos was this one: 'One hurtle down -- the marriage was accomplished. Two hurtles left.' Not only is the spelling shot to pieces, but that snippet also reveals the psyche of the hero -- he thinks of marriage as a hurdle to be gotten over and done with. Isn't he charming?If I had to sum up this book in two words, it would be these: DON'T BOTHER!
That's the best way to describe what this game is. The scenery is abstract and beautiful. Some have said that to play Silent Hill 2 is to play a David Lynch movie. The story is very intracate and invovling. But what about the game?It seems that someone must have complained about the difficulty of the first game because this game is much easier than the first. This makes the monsters non threating thus not scary. In the first game you were lucky to have a health pack or one bullet left to your name. SH2 loads you down with ample bullets and health packs so the sense of urgency is some what deminshed. Also the monster are very weak. Even in the hard mode most of the time you can breeze by them without looking back. What saves the game from disapointment is the story and atmosphere. By the end of the game your greatest fear will be an unopened door. The themes in this game are mature and thoughtful. it's good horror because it grapples with how we precieve death. I really enjoy this game, but you may want to rent before you buy.
On Get Off The Cross, Firewater sounded like a Tom Waits, Pogues, Nick Cave cover band doing original tunes. It was absolutely wonderful, a 5-star affair. I couldn't wait to get my hands on the follow-up. The wait went for naught. This was a monumental let down after the magic and moodiness of Get Off The Cross. Ponzi has few, if any, stand out tracks. Firewater was a real cool band that seemed to ruin the effect once they realized how cool they were. Grab a copy of Get Off The Cross...We Need The Wood For The Fire before you purchase this lesser effort.
This program is great... if you are operating in an environment full of Mac users or not trading files with anyone at all. When it comes to working with Microsoft files (which dominate the rest of the working and academic world) this package falls flat. Formatting goes missing, documents look funny, and nothing is ever quite the way you expected it to be.I have one word for Office users moving to Mac: DON'T. Shell out the extra cash for Office 2008 for Mac.
After reading &quot;Peddling Prosperity&quot;, I made it a point to seek out everything I could find by P.K. I have never heard international economics, free trade, supply side, etc. explained so lucidly and brilliantly. Unfortunately &quot;Diminished Expectations&quot; read as if written by an imposter: Banal, tedious explanations, a refusal to come out on any side of an issue (an ailment so common to economists), murky, confusing prose, and the &quot;Japan is coming, the sky is falling&quot; mentality characterize this book. I can't believe someone as brilliant as Krugman could have written this
one of the best fiction I have ever read recently. I was unable to put it down. There is a bit of unrealism in the book. however, the plot is set so that you really want to find out what happened to the characters.
Perry Mason was and remains a great 5-star show, and I really want it on DVD. But am I the only one who thinks this 1/2-season set is a rip-off? This is a very disturbing recent trend in old TV show DVD releases. They give you 1/2 half of a season for a list of $50--that's $100 per season!! There are still a lot of shows that give you whole seasons for less that $60. Also, at the rate these are likely to be released, it will be many years before they're all out. I may be dead and buried by then. Disgusting.
This electic bug swatter is the best one I've ever had. I've previously had ones with AA batteries which worked well but not great like this one. It has a built in light, feels very sturdy and really zaps bugs great!
I'm a fan of the tv show "The West Wing" and started reading this book to find out what the press corps is really like. This book has made me feel like I was there and gives the reader a 'backstage pass' to find out who the people who have been in the White House really are.She also gives some 'behind the scenes' information and her takes on the men who have filled the oval office since her time. Thomas also talks about how the press corps WAS before it was modernized.Even if you don't like her personally, this book is just so interesting to read.
Since moving into our current house and with the establishment of our wireless network, I've gone through some grief trying to connect the family computers' music collection to the central sound system in the main family room / den. Our setup consists of a Motorola broadband modem wired to a Linksys Wireless-G router wired to the two computers in the study. There is one wireless access point in the den, as well as a new, third computer, which connects to the wireless network via a Linksys WMB54G Music Bridge (I'll explain).Last Christmas, I bought the Linksys Music Bridge for my parents, with the idea of broadcasting music to it from the computers located in the den. I had read about the problems encountered with trying to make it work, but I saw it as my only real option at the time and decided to risk it. Following some of the user-created tutorials here and elsewhere on the net, I managed to get it working for periods at a time.I say periods at a time, because inevitably, it would lose connectivity and the bridge software would not be able to pick it up, requiring me to tinker with it to try and reestablish a connection. Recently, it seemed to stop connecting altogether.I read about the Apple Airport Express, so I picked one of those up. I brought it home from Best Buy and plugged it into a socket just behind the main entertainment system's cabinet. It has one light that blinks amber if there is a connection issue or solid green for an established connection with the network. Going through the configuration routine a couple times, I was able to get it to connect to our wireless network without nearly as much trouble as I had 8 months prior with the WMB54G. The only drawback to the Airport Express is that you can only access it with iTunes, which, when an external speaker connection is detected, creates a dropdown box in the lower area of the main window that lets you select which external speakers or Airport you would like to output to. To me, this felt a bit limiting, but I would probably have lived with it, had I not encountered an anomaly:Now, I was planning to junk the WMB54G, but we had just bought a third computer (den), which of course needed a way to connect with the network. On a whim, I plugged it into the Linksys Music Bridge. Lo, and behold, it was able to use the Music Bridge like a wireless modem! (so it wasn't a total loss, after all). However, opening iTunes, it was somehow unable to see the Airport Express, and despite my efforts, I never could get the dropdown box to appear. I wasn't about to have a 2/3 solution, so back the Airport Express went. I scanned the isle, and there was the Roku M1000. It looked promising and well-made, so I bought it.I cannot describe how cool this thing is! Setup of the Roku M1000 to the network was a real pleasure, for a change! In the first place, all setup configuration is performed at the Roku itself, using the remote and the display, which sure beats the heck out of going through a setup routine at every computer on the network! The Roku is an electronic Einstein compared to the others. It found and displayed the network name on the screen. I told it to connect. It immediately acquired all the right IP/gateway information without me having to baby it. Awesome!Second, the Roku is smart enough to be able to scan for and find music sharing servers on the network by itself, without any additional software installed on each computer. I have not tried WMP specifically yet, but so far, whenever I have had one or all of the computers running iTunes with sharing enabled, the Roku would always find and display their library names on the screen. Sweet! Then it's just a matter of choosing one, and deciding which browsing method to use. That simple! It also will connect to hundreds of internet radio stations, right out of the box! So, even if you have not set up a music collection on your PC, you can still use it. It also shouldn't be overlooked that, unlike other devices, you don't have to go to the computer to play music from it. Since the Roku has its own display, you can browse and change the music right there, using the remote.When I contrast my experiences regarding other devices, such as the Linksys Music Bridge and Apple Airport Express, both of which are more limiting and more prone to setup issues, with the Roku M1000, I feel that everyone wanting to get music from their PCs to their home stereo system should be made aware of this little guy, as it is by far the easiest and most versatile solution out there.
We bought this as a second battery for the Sony W50 digital camera. These batteries, in this camera, last a LONG time. Having a spare allows us to keep one in the external charger and swap quickly when needed. It is an original Sony product so fits and works perfectly.
There are three features of this album which make it must for any serious record collector. The first is that (to the best of my knowledge) this is the only concert stereo recording made by Piatigorsky. The second is that, as far as cellists go, he was one of the supreme masters of the century; and therefore any recorded performance by him is automatically a treasure worth having. - You will take note please, that I eschew the silly and insupportable claims so often found in these reviews that some musician and/or recording is "the greatest". I suppose those people have music barometers in their possession. But I've never seen one. Have you? So "one of the supreme ..." will do.The third claim is that Piatigorsky commissioned the Walton Concerto. This means that he must have felt a special kind of proprietorship, since the composer naturally consulted him on the technical aspects of writing for the cello - read: for Piatigorsky's style of musicianship.One aspect which depends on you, the listener, is that Piatigorsky was on the point of retiring when this recording was made. He had already curtailed his appearances considerably and did not practice as much, as cellists do who must perform in public week after week. This raises the possibility that his "hunger" for a perfect rendition might not have been as acute as perhaps 10 years earlier. But this does not explain his "technical deficiencies" which one reviewer castigated on this page. Rather it is explained by his refusal to cowtow to the demands of the studio for note perfect execution, which does not sit well with whatever the inspiration of the moment might have induced him to do.Taking the Walton first: you will indeed find cellists with a more secure intonation. But this is to some extent putting the cart before the horse. Piatigorsky was interested in a sweet and creamy tone: you will find similar slightly "off centre" bowing in others of his recordings. You will find in some violinist's recordings e.g. Menuhin. To call this a fault is misunderstanding an essential criterion of his musicianship. Perfect intonation can (in the wrong hands) promote a cold, uninvolved relationship to the music, which is something that cellists of the older generation assiduously avoided (violinists too). I suggest that Piatigorsky still believed that there was a soul in music yearning to express itself; and now consider that any pressure on the strings increases the emotional intensity. You would have to be a cold fish to miss or criticise this. For example that warm and wonderful cantilena which opens the first movement would lose half its charm in dead centre execution. Piatigorsky really caresses the melody, where e.g. Tortelier seems to show an urge to get on with (moreover his oboist sounds sour, and that's not altogether pleasant). Or listen to the minicadenza at 5'18", what a deeply felt utterance and perfect preparation for the muted strings episode! It is true that in one or two spots in the fast middle movement, the soloist and ensemble are not perfectly together, but those are fleeting moments, of importance only if your intention is to put the reading down. I admit that I can conceive of better (read: more sensitive) accompanists than Munch.The cellist is in solo territory for long stretches of the third movement, and here Piatigorsky really comes into his own, I feel. As far as eloquence and pure, unadulterated musical feeling is concerned, no-one can hold the candle to him here.Altogether similar sentiments apply to the Dvorak work. With so many recordings around (I have 17 in my personal collection, but of course auditioned many more), hearing this version makes you painfully aware of how dispensable much of this pseudo-wealth actually is. Considering stereo only: once you've lived with Rostropovich, Fournier, Tortelier, Starker, du Pr&eacute; and Rose, you will have come close to exhausting the possibilities for a deep and meaningful interpretation - other performances begin to sound like "readings" or introduce idiosyncrasies that outwear their welcome on second hearing. They have to struggle against this competition! This is when bored listeners begin to enthuse about sound, and I always ask myself when I see such comments: the sound of WHAT? Is it worth raving about when the sound is the major talking point?This version by Piatigorsky is indispensable. It is a view from deep inside, by an artist who may have played this a hundred timers and more; and yet retains an unblocked perspective. Munch too seems much more "on the ball" here, and for once you get to hear the lovely woodwind melodies behind the cello and the chatty dialogue between oboes, flutes and cello that occurs on several occasions, you know that you're in the company of authentic music making. But what strikes me more than anything is the sense of creative purpose in this collaboration. The middle movement and the adagio section shortly before the end of the work often sound like episodes of sentimental drooling, but here they receive a manly yet affect-laden treatment that is utterly convincing -- because it comes from within and has the logic of the whole sweep of the work behind it. The "problems" mentioned above with cello tone recur; but here even more than in the Walton concerto they are an expressive necessity, by no means faults.Altogether this is an album that demands insight and lots of musical sensitivity from a listener. You can't use this for wallpaper; it is too highly individualised. If you're one of those people who listen with the lights off and the doors closed, this is for you. Not perhaps as the only recording you'll ever need, but as one of perhaps four or five that convey the full splendour of one of the finest concerted woks in the whole repertoire.Finally a word about the engineers. They did a really superb job. With all the hue and cry about re-mastering, we should remember that modern technology can't actually improve on the sound as recorded; and this album was done in 1957 and 1960. We can clean off the tape hiss and reinstate the dynamic range that was there in the first place, but had to be sacrificed to the exigencies of pressing this rich sound into an LP groove. So: hats off to the original engineers! They produced a superb, warm ambience, and analytical enough for us to her every section of the orchestra even during the heavy weather of Dvorak's score.
This game is quick to play and quite fun. Very durable and a great bargain. This is my favorite gift for preschooler birthday parties.
At the conclusion of this book, we realize that there is more to come.Like other reviewers, I recommend that readers not familiar with this series start from book one and read chronologically. The constant thread throughout the Fonesca series is his psychological trip through the healing process in the wake of his wife's death. First, he reaches a milestone where he is able to speak her name. Now, at the end of _Denial_, he finally realizes that he has to find his wife's killer.As a Southwest Florida resident who considers Sarasota a second home, I always enjoy the settings in the Fonesca books. Here, we end up in the Asolo Theater, among other interesting spots.The story itself is right on par with the previous books: Two mysteries that keep you guessing until the end. Lew Fonesca is the quintessential anti-hero--a guy you can root for.
The Farscape episodes are excellent and deserve 5 stars.The case however is still problematic. The Single sided disks are an improvement, but the little pieces of plastic that holds the DVDs break in transit and 2 DVDs ended rattling around in the case. Same problem with other Season 3 cases. Which is why in summary the collection only gets 4 stars.
Almost every day I have to work early in the morning on my laptop and have to keep the lights down. Trying to find keys is madness and I get hardly anything done because I am hunting and pecking, in the dark.So, I purchased this little device from Amazon.com for an amazing $1.50. WOW. For that price, or even for 8.00-10.00, this is a nice little light. I am using it as we speak to type this review.I cannot speak for the longevity of the product as I have not had it for very long.PROS- It does provide enough light so that you can easily see all of your keyboard keys- You can bend the light to adjust where the light is shining to get the best angle- It's plug and play and there are no external switches or other mechanical parts to go bad. plug it in and it turns on. Simple as that.CONS- The only real con that I could come up with is that it is just heavy enough that it pulls itself down a little in the USB port that you plug it into and fits a little loosely. However, I don't think this will ever cause a problem.I would recommend this light to anyone who has to work on a laptop in the dark. I can't attest how this would work for a desktop. But, you would have to have the tower close to the keyboard for it to work.
Joseph Hallahan has a flair for the unconventional in his writing. In The Search for Joseph Tully he manages to incorporate supernatural and genealogical themes into a very original suspense novel.The Search for Joseph Tully has a nice sense of its own pacing. Hallahan carefully establishes a bleak mood early in the book, which he skillfully intensifies. The plot has two parallel threads: the genealogical research of a young Englishman into the family of one Joseph Tully; and the deepening feeling of foreboding experienced by a resident of an abandoned Brooklyn apartment building. The two threads are skillfully interwoven for an ending which is not so much surprising as stunning (I'm trying to keep the spoilers to a minimum here).Hallahan is especially talented in drawing the supporting characters of the novel. The genealogical details manage to be compelling in their own right. The Brooklyn thread drags a little more, but on the whole this is a nicely calibrated work of suspense. It's truly a shame that Hallahan hasn't published more.
I don't know what the hold up is, but I really hope this show is released on DVD soon. It seems all other shows are on DVD, even crappy little TV shows no one's ever heard of. This is an excellent family show based on a completely original idea. Larry and Balki are hilarious! I know for a fact I will buy it and I know tons of other people who are waiting, too, so what is the hold up?
Producer Philip Hinchcliffe and script editor Robert Holmes made gothic horror a signature theme of Doctor Who in the mid-1970s and attracted some of the largest television audiences in the show's history. Their riff on the Frankenstein story, "The Brain of Morbius," topped 10 million viewers every week at a time when the U.K.'s population was 56 million.The Doctor and Sarah land on the desolate planet Karn where an arcane sisterhood keeps vigil over a dying flame that produces an elixir of life which their order relies on to survive. Elsewhere on the planet, a brilliant but deranged neurosurgeon named Solon pieces together body parts from crash victims into a patchwork creature to contain the disembodied brain of Morbius, a rebel Time Lord long believed dead. When the Doctor arrives at his mountaintop castle, Solon believes he has found the perfect head for Morbius' brain and drugs the Doctor in hopes of surgically removing it. Meanwhile, the Sisterhood of Karn thinks the Doctor has been sent by the Time Lords to steal their dwindling supply of elixir and tries to burn him at the stake.Among many other fine actors, "Morbius" showcases the work of veteran character actor Philip Madoc as the mad scientist Solon, a role the show's producers had considered offering to Peter Cushing and Vincent Price. Madoc delivers a performance neither of these actors could have topped. The Welsh actor appeared in three other Doctor Who stories between 1968 and 1979, including "The War Games" in which he played the villainous War Lord. To give you some idea of Madoc's range, he also played the evil Huron Indian chief Magua in the 1971 BBC adaptation of "The Last of the Mohicans," later featured on U.S. public television as part of the Masterpiece Theatre series. Madoc appears in the making-of documentary included with this DVD but passed away in March 2012.The plot of "Morbius" has one major flaw, however: why would Solon cut off the Doctor's head and attach it to the monstrous patchwork body he's created when he could more easily transplant Morbius' brain directly into the Doctor's normal body? This gap in the story's logic grew out of the way the original script, written by series veteran Terrance Dicks, was edited by Holmes to eliminate a robot character that would have been too expensive and technically difficult to bring to the screen. Instead, the robot is replaced by Solon and his Igor-like assistant, Condo. Dicks was so outraged by Holmes' extensive rewrite that he asked to have his name removed from the project, and the script was credited to a pseudonym.The dark, brooding tone of "The Brain of Morbius" as well as its heightened gore and violence made it one of the show's most memorable stories, but these elements also contained the seeds of Hinchcliffe's downfall as producer. The blood exploding from Condo's chest when he's shot by Solon and the sight of Morbius' brain splatting on the laboratory floor first attracted the censure of right-wing television activist Mary Whitehouse of the National Viewers' and Listeners' Association, who viewed Doctor Who narrowly as a program for children. Hinchcliffe wanted to broaden Doctor Who's appeal to teenagers and adults, but Whitehouse's continued scolding, particularly of a drowning scene in "The Deadly Assassin," led to Hinchcliffe's eventual replacement as producer with instructions from the BBC to his successor to tone down the show's horror content.
Received product and installed on a wall mount set up was easy required 3 people. Product had a great picture and the HD feature worked fine with the indoor ant. Problems started first day, set would turn off and on unbid but the power light stayed on. Thought at first it was cable company problem but found out it was a set problem. This went on for a week then the set went off power light stayed on and power could not be turned off with remote or switch, had to unplug the set. Called SHARP customer support and they scheduled an in home repair per contract guarantee. In home repair turned out to be set removal no attempt was made to repair in my home. Now set is gone guarantee is still running and SHARP says 3 work weeks is normal acceptable turn time if parts are available, if it is gone longer they may extend the guarantee time. Sent email to SHARP technical support asking if they were aware of this type of problem received no reply. Set met my expectations, quality of product and customer support is iffy at best. If you get a good one I think this is an excellent set longevity questionable.UPDATE 2/2/06Set returned from repair no better than when it left,called sharp they sent someone to my house and replaced the MAIN BOARD. That has made no imporvement and now volume is no more than a whisper when turned to max. SHARP seems incapable of determining the cause of the problem but they refuse to replace the set.As stated set great if you get a good one but if you get a bad one this MFG is not good on customer satisfaction.UPDATE 2/3/06After 7 contacts and 2 failed repair attempts SHARP has agreed to replace the set with a new one and as this model is no longer in production it will be replaced with an upgraded 7U model. I can expect replacement in 7/10 working days.Final 2/21/06New set has worked flawlessly since its arrival on 2-17-06. I don't notice any difference in picture quality from this set (7U) too the one it-replaced (5U) but it does have more features. After an unfortunate start with this product I am satisfied with the one I have now and would recommend it.
I hate to jump on the bandwagon, but any less than 5 stars would be dishonest. I totally disagree with his opinions on guns and cigarettes, yet I laughed just as hard at his bits on those topics as everything else he said on this CD. His suthun accents are dead on, and his jokes about religion, politics, and war are more than welcome in these times of politically correct censorship.A lot of other reviewers compare Bill to Lenny Bruce and George Carlin, but his major influences were Woody Allen and Richard Pryor. When he started out, he was also befriended by Sam Kinison.
I'm a consultant and I spend quite a bit of time banging around between airplanes, rental cars and in and out of buildings. I have no less than 12 different laptop bags at home, from rollers to backpacks and over the shoulders. As you can tell, I have been searching for the right one. I recently bought this one due to the nice looking lightweight handle. Most roller bags look like roller bags. This one looks like a larger over the shoulder bag that has rollers. And that's exactly what it turned out to be. In fact, I just returned from a vacation where I hade both a Dell 700m and an Apple 12" PB in the same compartment, along with several other gadgets, accessories and files. Let's just say it was a working vacaion. It handled it all without a wimper. I was able to carry the bag when need be, roll it through airports and even tuck it UNDER the front seat on 4 different flights. I'm very impressed. Enough so that I ordered the larger overnighter version and the small shuttle for the quick trips. Normally, I'm not a huge fan of Kensington stuff but they sure got this right. Just make sure you look around a bit and get the right pricing.Update: I agree with other reviewers. I recently bought another one of these and the bag has changed. It is still a pretty good bag but not the top notch, virtually perfect bag that I originally bought in 2005 and still have (the above review). On the newer bag, which I bought for my wife, I added Zipquix zipper pulls to make up for the simple, small and slippery metal tabs they now use. I'm now looking on Ebay hoping to score an old style bag for a backup to mine, which is still holding up pretty darn well.I'm not sure I would not recommend the new bag. It is still good, just not as good. I would probably give it 4 stars now if reviewing it fresh and never having known how good they used to be. I think some of the other reviewer's disappointment is dismay over the cheapening of what was once the (arguably) best business roll-around bag in the market.
Nice suprise for a book issued in paperback. Not quite Robin Cook but close.
I think this is a good start for anyone who is new to programming. It does assume a few things about debugging programs but overall I would recommend it.
This very short book will disappoint all but the most blindly fanatical Burroughs fans. A series of sketches inspired by the Nourse novel of the same name, it simply repeats well-worn themes dealt with more effectively elsewhere in his work. It seems to be the collected results of an aborted attempt to write a novel or screenplay, and from these insipid, lifeless scenes it is easy to see why it was aborted. The only question is: why display the lifeless corpse to the reading public? Methinks his manager was behind this unwise decision$$$For completists only.
This is an excellent collection of selections from The Jerry Lewis Show of 1967-9, which itself is a VAST improvement over his dreary 1963 show. the 1968-9 program included a series of fast-moving short skits, which was what Lewis excelled at. It does not look to me like they cut anything out but the commercials and non-Lewis numbers, and cutting out those bits of the show is fine with me. I do not like seeing all the half-talented musical acts: ALL I wanted to see were the skits. However, I will admit that the ideal way to have done this would have been to give complete shows but offer appropriate indexing for those of us who only want the Jerry Lewis sections. But for my taste, I don't fault Infinity for how they chose to do this.Most of the guests are just foils for Lewis' silliness, but Don Rickles is fabulous and actually steals some of the best laughs. Anna Moffo is also incredible, and her singing duet with Lewis is pretty spectacular. Lewis does his best-ever versions of The Typewriter Song pantomime, and Leading The (non-existent) Orchestra. The image is a little washy at times, but it's very watchable, and the color is good (it's 1960s video after all). I give it 4 stars out of 5 because there is a little too much talk in the routines for me, and these shows are just not quite up to the caliber of the Martin-and-Lewis Colgate Hour programs; but if you like sit-coms, and if you really like Jerry Lewis, and you do not care to watch every boring minute of a vintage TV show, then I think you'll be entertained with this collection.
Published in 1983. 199 pages. The author delivers lip service to his title "The KISS Principle." There is minimal discussion of software design with its associated "keep it simple stupid" principal. The first chapter covers the lessons learned from several small projects. This book advocates various software development tools in areas such as project management, diagramming, automatic code generators, structured design, editors, word processors, portable terminals, record management, and email.
I've loved Deniece Williams for a while now. Who would have thought there was music out there by her I had never yet heard! #8 is my newest allll time fav! Her voice is so delicate and perfect on a song I needed to hear!
I am not an avid romance novel reader, however I really enjoyed this book. The story line was solid and developed enough so that I didn't feel like it was a string of words between love scene after love scene like a few other romance novels I have tried. I had a great time relaxing and reading this book.
I somewhat enjoyed reading this book but would never classify it as a great work of fiction. I always enjoy historical fiction and Herman Wouk is one of my favorite writers so maybe my expectations were too high. I immediately lost any respect for the heroine Anna due to the gratuitous sex scene in the boat and could not get past the fact that she seemed to be amoral at best when it came to men. Her daughter even ended up marrying a man that was original attracted to her (or so it appeared the author wanted us to think.) I never understood the abortion either. It was never explained that I could tell. Was it self-induced, was it a spontaneous abortion (mis-carriage), or was it some back-street horror? I was left wondering with no explanation. It was never revealed who was the father of her son either. Why was the character of the officer on the ship ever even introduced into the story unless he later played out to be the father of one of her children. If that were the case, perhaps the sex scene had some relevance, otherwise, like I said earlier, it just seemed gratuitous.
In addition to having superbly remastered music, this boxed set boasts exemplary packaging. All four CDs exceed 77 minutes, the track selections are excellent, and even the breaks between discs are logical. The non-detachable 48-page booklet has a generous helping of photographs, and the text is very concise. All in all, this is an inviting slice of history in an appealingly presented package. I wholeheartedly recommend it!NOTE: Those who are budget-minded and/or solely interested in Winwood's work with Traffic may want to consider &quot;Feelin' Alright,&quot; a recently issued single-disc compilation. A 2CD Traffic compilation called &quot;Smiling Phases&quot; was released in 1991, but it was not remastered and is now out of print.
This is one of the worst games ever created. It deserves zero stars. Talk about pointless. The graphics are sub-standard, the storyline is non-existent and the game is solely based on violence. Now don't get me wrong, I usually don't have a problem with violence in video games but when there is absolutely no other point to the game, don't act like it has some story line. Mowing down cops and street thugs is not a storyline and it becomes so boring so fast it will make your head spin. You'll have more fun throwing your controller across the room after about ten minutes than you'll ever get from playing this piece of junk. If this game didn't feature the name "50 Cent" it would have landed in the bargin bin immediately. It's not even worth the bag it would come in if you were fooled into buying it. Don't waste your money on this piece of garbage, not even for a rental.
It is about a time traveler, and his wife, dealing with his frequent and unpredictable time traveling. It is about living dealing with being separated for a little time droning on to longer intervals, wondering when the next time they'll see each other again. It is about their complicated lives as individuals. Most of all, this book is mainly about the two of them together, their love story; unconventional in many ways.This is one of my favorite books I've read this year. It was depressing in many ways, and uplifting at the same time. And Henry and Clare's relationship is more than romance. As corny as it may sound, their relationship and love story was sincere and genuine; unconditional in so many ways.
Once a decade, Charles Murray drops a bombshell book on American intellectual life.In 1984, it was his devastating assessment of welfare programs, &quot;Losing Ground,&quot; which helped inspire the famous 1996 welfare reform act.In 1994, Murray coauthored with the late Richard J. Herrnstein the enormous bestseller &quot;The Bell Curve.&quot; It ignited controversy by arguing that IQ scores are one of the most overlooked tools for understanding how American society is structured.Now, after a half-decade of work, Murray, a scholar with the American Enterprise Institute, is back with another massive book, 688 pages full of graphs and tables. &quot;Human Accomplishment: The Pursuit of Excellence in the Arts and Sciences, 800 B.C. to 1950&quot; (HarperCollins, $29.95) is a fascinating attempt to rank the 4,000 most important artists and scientists in human history.Murray meticulously measured how much attention the leading scholars in their fields pay to the top creators and discoverers. Reading &quot;Human Accomplishment&quot; is a little like browsing through the statistics-laden &quot;Baseball Encyclopedia,&quot; except that instead of being about Ruth, Di Maggio, and Bonds, Murray's book is about Picasso, Darwin, and Edison.Murray took some time to discuss &quot;Human Accomplishment&quot; with me.Q. Who came out on top of big categories like Western Literature, Western Art, Western Philosophy, and Combined Sciences?A. Shakespeare, Michelangelo, Aristotle, and Newton -- the people you'd expect.In Western music, Mozart and Beethoven were in a dead heat, with Bach third. A rather vocal minority is upset about Bach not being on top. I'm not. I love Bach, but it's awfully hard to listen to Beethoven's later symphonies and string quartets and figure out how anybody could possibly be ranked above him.However, let me stress: I'm not the one who made those decisions. And occasionally I had to grin and bear it when things didn't come out according to my druthers. Rousseau and Byron are way too high in Western literature for my taste, for example.Q. Can you truly quantify objectively which artists and scientists were the most eminent?A. Sure. It's one of the most well-developed quantitative measures in the social sciences. (The measurement of intelligence is one of its few competitors, incidentally.)My indices have a statistical reliability that is phenomenal for the social sciences. There's also a very high &quot;face validity&quot; -- in other words, the rankings broadly correspond to common-sense expectations.Q. Who was the most accomplished person who ever lived?A. Now we're talking personal opinion, because the methods I used don't work across domains, but I have an emphatic opinion.Aristotle.He more or less invented logic, which was of pivotal importance in human history (and no other civilization ever came up with it independently). He wrote the essay on ethics (&quot;Nicomachean Ethics&quot;) that to my mind contains the bedrock truths about the nature of living a satisfying human life. He made huge contributions to aesthetics, political theory, methods of classification and scientific observation. Who else even comes close?Q. Which woman scored the highest?A. Murasaki Shikibu, who wrote the novel &quot;The Tale of Genji&quot; a thousand years ago, has by far the highest index score -- 86 on a scale of 1 to 100. But, that is in competition just with other Japanese authors, not all of the world's authors.The highest-scoring woman in any of the sciences -- no surprise -- is Marie Curie in Physics, with a score in the 40s (on a scale where Newton and Einstein are tied at 100). The highest in Western Literature is Virginia Woolf. None of the highest-scoring women in the other categories are major figures.Q. You pay a surprising amount of attention to Asian culture. Does that stem from the six years you lived in Asia beginning as a Peace Corps volunteer?A. Put it this way: There are aspects of Asian culture as it is lived that I still prefer to Western culture, 30 years after I last lived in Thailand. Two of my children are half-Asian. Apart from those personal aspects, I have always thought that the Chinese and Japanese civilizations had elements that represented the apex of human accomplishment in certain domains.When I began the book, I actually hoped to give Asian accomplishment a still larger place than it wound up getting.Q. You argue that one big reason that most of humanity's highest achievers came from what used to be called Christendom was ... Christianity. Did you expect to reach that conclusion?A. Michael Novak foretold I would come to that conclusion, but I didn't agree at the time. I didn't think you needed anything except the Greek heritage and some secular social and economic trends to explain the Renaissance.On this score, I have plenty of witnesses in the form of my colleagues who were getting nervous as the years went by. They kept asking me what the thesis of the book was, and I kept saying, &quot;Beats the hell out of me.&quot;The last chapters of the book were all written in the last nine months of work, and at the beginning of those nine months, I still didn't know what was going to be in them.Q. You found that per capita levels of accomplishment tended to decline from 1850 to 1950. Would you care to speculate on post-1950 trends?A. I think that the number of novels, songs, and paintings done since 1950 that anyone will still care about 200 years from now is somewhere in the vicinity of zero. Not exactly zero, but close. I find a good way to make this point is to ask anyone who disagrees with me to name a work that will survive -- and then ask, &quot;Seriously?&quot; Very few works indeed can defend themselves against the &quot;Seriously?&quot; question.
Like Hayek's Road to Serfdom, this book was written during the Secon World War when Keynes was busy crafting the post war peace. It is infused with the 1930s' corporatist ideas and tends to favour the Communist version more than the Nazi/Fascist version. Keynes is indisputably the 2oth century's most important economist but why does Schumpeter and his creative destruction occupy position #2? I put it down to the same reason as Marx' Theory of Alienation gained such sway. As there was little else to salvage from Marx' writings, they hit on that to make him apear relevant. Marx was a dangerous idiot and the fact that Schumeter heaps measured praise on him suggests that Schumpeter should also join him in the intellectual trash can of history. I see little relevant in his work which I feel has gained prominence simply because economics has lost its intellectual direction. Unlike Gary Becker and other recipients of the Nobel Prize, Schumpeter tackles big issues. But the big issues shrug him off. Nothing here to ponder over.
This film is like a reflecting pool. It looks deep and dark, but it turns out to be about three inches deep.The stunning look of the film belies its shallowness. The deep shadows and brilliant highlights make the case that more movies should be made in black and white. The concepts could have been interesting to explore, but the wooden acting and stilted dialog made it painful to watch, pain which was relieved only when ogling Ms Masterson and Ms Kipleigh.All in all it seemed to me to be a case of a screenwriter/director writing a first draft, then filming it. With a little bit of polish applied to the storyline and script, this film could have been really good.
I got my first package of the chili mix, from my sister-in-law. I did not know what I was in for, but gave it a try. I made it according to directions, and threw in some browned hamburger. The smell filled the room, as it boiled, and simmered. I was not disappointed, with the way it tasted. I don't like my chili spicey, and this one fit the bill exactly, as it has just the right amount of spices and herbs. I have tried a lot of chili, in a lot of places, and I will say that this is the best MIX that I have ever tried. I would definitely recommend this for camping trips. The 9.8 ounce bag, says that it makes 8 servings, but depending on how hungry your crew is, might only feed four.
I do not want to tell much about the story in order to keep the well twisted and interesting story hidden. If you like non-linear love and/or suspense movies with flash-backs which explain things or if you like movies like Hercule Poirot movies where every single item in the story is important, then this is a movie for you. After I first saw it, I watched it again, to see everything matching up. Very well movie with good actors.
I found this book so engrossing, I just had to stay up way past my bedtime to finish it. I learned many new things about Easter Island while reading this book, and I very much enjoyed the dual stories of Elsa and Greer and their lives on Easter Island. I must admit I found the alternating chapters flipping back and forth between Elsa and Greer a bit disruptive. I found myself skipping ahead to read Elsa's story and then went back to read Greer's chapters. Overall, I think this is a haunting tale well worth reading.
A pesar de toda la publicidad que ha rodeado la salida de este album, desde la primera vez que lo pones es f&aacute;cil darte cuenta que no hab&iacute;a motivo para tanto entusiasmo. Otros actos en el pop han incursionado h&aacute;bilmente en el terreno ac&uacute;stico, reinventando sus canciones mas c&eacute;lebres; me acuerdo, por ejemplo, de John Mellencamp y su Rough harvest, o KISS y su sensacional Unplugged. Caifanes/Jaguares no corre con la misma suerte. Si KISS y Mellencamp - por nombrar apenas dos casos - demostraron que su musica era buena sun sin amplificaci&oacute;n y trucos de estudio, es obvio que Jaguares solo puede existir en el horizonte que los vio nacer. &quot;Matenme porque me muero&quot;, hace 15 a&ntilde;os, equivali&oacute; en M&eacute;xico al grito primario del rock, despues de estar enterrado durante d&eacute;cadas en los hoyos fonqui. En este album esa gran canci&oacute;n suena aburrida, desinflada y sin garra. Es como encontrarse con un anciano que fue tembile en su juventud y ahora apenas puede andar. &quot;Viento&quot;, sin su sensacional riff que barri&oacute; las ondas de radio en los ochentas, ha perdido todo el encanto primario. &quot;Perdi mi ojo de venado&quot; tiene una melod&iacute;a distinta y francamente resulta aburrida. Obviamente los &eacute;xitos de los muchachos no funcionan con arreglos a la Eleanor Rigby. La insistencia en todo el disco de reinventar el sonido Jaguar me parece m&aacute;s bien un intento desesperado por demostrar el valor transgeneracional de las canciones, pero simplemente no resulta. Jaguares suena como una banda aburrida, cansada y sin ideas. Estoy convencido de que no son nada de ello. Fue solo la desafortunada idea de ponerle violines a lo que fue el rock m&aacute;s potente y genuino que haya visto M&eacute;xico en muchos a&ntilde;os.
Easterhouse's one record of note attempts the impossible and fails beautifully. The guitars climb grandly, the lyrics reach for inspiration, and the whole thing falls like a pebble into the ocean. Andy Perry's polemics will rub wrong if you detest Irish republicanism or have a bust of Maggie Thatcher on your mantle -- next to your cherished framed snap with Big Ian on the front line. While the album does attack Labour hypocrites who forsake the downtrodden for graven image worship of the Saxon kind, the call to topple the swine doesn't ever mute the superb guitar work, which is yet another shade of overachieving Manchester. That blighted pox on the map sure spun gold amidst hayracks of dross. Most eighties music is now unlistenable. Thankfully, albums like this one have real conviction and emotion, not some forced bathos, the kind that now passes for passion: think Creed. Easterhouse made one great record. That was enough.
Over the years I have owned several brands of recip. saws, including Milwaukee, Makita and a couple of store brands. The Tiger saw is, by far, the best saw I have ever used. It has power to spare, is light and cuts through wood like a hot knife through butter. Blade change is a snap ( about 3 seconds average) and the saw's light weight makes overhead work easy.I chose the Porter Cable only because my old Milwaukee died and the closest lumberyard happened to be a PC distributor. I am not sorry, and I recommend the Tiger Saw to anyone, whether hobbyist or professional.
It's got a nice form factor; sleek look; is easy to connect. I spent several hours trying to get this thing to work to no avail. Error messages kept popping up with instructions to unlock the mechanism that secures the scanning piece while in transit, unplug the USB connector, reconnect, and try again. Time and again it simply did not work.The online Canon documentation was useless, and attempts to contact Canon through the web site resulted in an auto responder and NEVER any assistance from a subsequent inquiry to Canon based on instructions in the auto responder.Technical problems aside, if you are looking for a (Canon) scanner primarily for web graphics and don't need perfectly flawless scans, you can cut the price tag in half if you get the Canon 650u or spend a few bucks more for the metallic finish of the Canon 656u.
If you are a fan of Mario Lanza you'll probably love this collection. I admit I am not a fan. When lanza was living, we Sicilians referred to him as Mario Si Lanza because in the Sicilian language "si lanza" meanns "he throws up." In other words we had heard the best and Mario for us was NOT the best despite his powerful top. But his singing was so uneven through the ranges and his poor pronounciation of Italian made him not the choice of sophisticated listeners.
I have wanted a Fein Multi-Master for years. I read a review of it in FineHomebuilding a couple years ago, and the reviewer raved about it. He saidthe first thing he did with it was to take it out in the back yard and cut treeroots with it. I thought, wow, a fine detail sander/flush cutter that is sotought it can cut tree roots too?! I had to have one. But, it's expensive, soit had to wait.Finally, I figured I'd waited long enough, and I was about to start a big flooringjob where I knew I'd be doing a lot of flush cutting of door jams and trim. SoI bought it. And now I'm wondering how this thing got such an amazingreputation.First, I'll say that I haven't tried out it's sanding capability. It's quite possiblethat when I do, I'll be able to salvage some of pre-ownership excitement aboutthe Multi-Master. So I'm just going to comment on it's cutting ability: it sucks.Specifically, the blade that comes with this kit is a flimsy piece of steel with tinylittle cutting teeth -- probably ideal for cutting parts for your balsa wood airplanekits, but suboptimal for anything having to do with house construction. Add to thatthe fact that unless you really crank down on the bolt that holds the blade in thetool, the blade slips and doesn't cut at all, resulting in an almostcompletely useless tool. But wait, there's more: the bolt that holds the blade isan allen bolt, and the accompanying wrench is difficult to squarely and fully engagein the bolt, resulting in easily stripped out bolt heads. Great, right? But wait,there's even more, and this is what prompted me to write this review this morning:Today, I was going to try out my recently purchased &quot;E cut&quot; blade (what the heckis the &quot;E&quot; for?), so I gamely tried to install it on the Multi-Master. Being careful tofully engage the wrench so as not to strip the bolt, I tightened that thing down,knowing that if I didn't get it tight enough, the blad would slip and not work atall. But as I put the final bit of torque on the dumb thing, the washer that goesbetween the bolt and the blade SPLIT IN HALF! It was all I could do to not throwthe whole thing in the trash at that point. I really hope this thing sands better thanit &quot;cuts&quot;. Cos the thing don't cut it. Save your money. By a decent flush cuttinghand saw and forget you ever heard about this thing. I wish I had.Addendum (29 June, 2004): I put the &quot;E&quot; cut blade on the other day with thebolt and washer meant for the sander pads, and I have to admit, it cuts prettydarn well. Much better than the blade that comes with this kit. I'm raisingmy rating from 1 to 2 stars. Maybe as I use this thing more, I'll keep raisingthe rating...
The table legs won't stay on, it's made of MDF and is very hard to repair, the chair slats came off leaving sharp exposed staples - this is expensive garbage. I'm disappointed because I live in a rural area and it's hard to find another one that will ship here (not to mention what I'm going to have to pay to get a different product shipped). My husband is a builder - he has built entire buildings from the ground up for twenty years and can't get this table to stay together. If it had cost less it would hurt less to throw it away after having it such a short time, but this is a lot of money for garbage.
This game seems to have compromised my system files making it impossible to boot up. I've had to FDISK my hard drive and reinstall Windows. How's the game, you ask? Was it worth it? The game never worked, I'm sad to say. It refused to start, complaining that it was missing a DLL file. In other words, it was shipped as an unexcutable program. I plan to avoid all Cosmi titles from now on. I advise you to do the same. This company should be ashamed of themselves.
This book is an extensive collection of letters, poems, prayers and prose written by Elizabeth I of England and often the response of her Parliament. It is organized by date so easy to follow. Excellent addition to any library whether you are a student or not. Really a must read for anyone interested in Women's Studies or Elizabethan England.
I have played a lot of excellent titles on the XBOX but at least for me, this is the most enjoyable and greatest game ever. The details of morrowind are amazing. Take into consideration all the the landscapes and characters, the dialogue that is actually useful and the fact that millions of possibilites and routes you can take with your very own created character. I can not recall a game that had even half the choices available to the player than Morrowind. Wether you want to be a thief, crusader, sorcerer, pillager, etc. the choices are all there for. With all the sidequests available to you, everytime you load the game up - you can have a totally different adventure. There is something for every personality.
I had heard about this movie, but had never seen it. My curiosity lead me to buy it and I watched it with my nine and eleven year old. I have to say that I have never heard my kids laugh so hard in my life! They just loved this movie. There was lots of suspense, adventure and comedy. There was also mild profanity and some stuff I cringed at my kids seeing like a dead body and skeletons. They did not seem to be as bothered by that as I was. If I had to do it again, though, I might have waited until my 9 year old was a little older. What all the reviewers say is true. This is a very entertaining movie!
I loved this movie. Kinda' dopey, but that is the type of movie Andrew McCarthy was starring in at that time. Weekend At Bernies kinda' stuff. Dumb plot, but SOOOO addicting! FUN to watch if you are a fan of the late 80's early 90's. What can I say, its almost a classic that you have to watch. I'm sure Mystery Science Theater would have a ball with the movie. I loved it.
I really like this heater, even though it is costly for its wattage.Small tanks, typically used for Bettas, always have the issue of heating them and due to their small size most heaters will not fit. Well, this small 25W heater works perfectly in my 5.5 gallon aquarium easily fitting vertically with plenty of space to spare above and below. The thermostat on top is labeled in temperature, versus just a + and - or arbitrary scale (like 1 to 10). The temperature may not match the dial right out of the box, but really that's not a big deal. If you need it a degree warmer, you turn the dial up 1 degree. This is assuming you are not exceeding the capabilities of the heater, which I explain in more detail below.I'd like to point out that this is a very low wattage heater. So while it works fine on my 5.5g aquarium you should know that it will only do fine if your room temperature is somewhat close to your desired tank temperature. If you keep your tank at 78 degrees, but in the winter your house is at 65 degrees this heater will not be able to make up the 13 degree difference. Small tanks loose heat fast, and this heater at just 25W will not be able to keep up with that.Because of this some people will mistakenly say &#34;It can't heat my tank even when I turn it up to high&#34;. As I mentioned earlier, these have a thermostat so they work only on temperature. If it is set for 78 and the tank is only getting up to 76, it is doing its best to heat the tank to the set 78. Turning it up to 85 degrees does not change that. The heater will not turn on, and stay on 24/7 and the reason is so that it doesn't super heat itself.How low your house can be for this to work will depend greatly on your specific tank dimensions, what's in it, and your filter flow. Because of that I can't give you some specific number, but as a ball park in a 5 gallon aqiarum I doubt you could go under 70 degrees in your house and maintain 78 degrees in the tank.The heater has a fill line on it, this is a minimum fill line, which means the water must be at least up to the line for the heater to work without breaking. That line is not a maximum, you can fully submerge this heater with no issue.
Depending on who "fits" the cultural/ethnic/racial/political label created in the 1970s, Hispanics or Latinos can come from ancestries from around 20 or so Spanish-speaking nations in the Americas. I think that Europe's Portugal and Spain were also once in that group but are certainly no longer there, especially in the "Latino" label.20 or so very diverse and distinct nations.Disclaimers: I do realize that this coming issue of mine is perhaps a very jingoist issue, and I am also keenly aware that I've written about it before in a similar context but in for a different scenario. And yet the more that we become aware how culturally blind Hollywood is, the more they underscore their own cultural ignorance with minute mistakes that keep adding up to colossal mountains.Last year I complained when Jimmy Smits, a superb actor on his own, was chosen to play the lead part in the CBS drama "Cane", a series about a wealthy Cuban-American family.My historical issue was that although Jimmy Smits is a great actor, he was not what your typical Cuban sugar magnate would have looked liked in the racist Cuban society of the late 1950s and the Cuban-American refugee wave of the early 1960s. His casting for the part was intolerably historically inaccurate.CBS picked Smits, a brilliant actor, I guess based on their perception of what a Cuban looks like (Smits is not of Cuban ancestry... his father, Cornelis Smits, was a Surinamese immigrant from Dutch Guiana, and his mother, Emilina, is Puerto Rican).I suspect that because, like a lot of Cubans, the real Cuban person upon who Smits' character was based upon looked too "Anglo" and not enough of what Hollywood (and CBS) wanted all of us to think that Latinos should all look like, they hired a terrific Emmy-winning Surinamese actor who fits the sterotypical image of what Hollywood thinks Cubans should look like, to play the lead part.Latinos are a culturally, racially and ethnically diverse group of people, and we're not all made of one mold, as Hollywood wants you to think.So that was then, and here's what has me all spun up in a new tempest in my demitasse.Currently my absolute favorite TV show is Showtime's "Dexter."If you haven't seen this show, then go and buy these DVDs.In the series, Michael C. Hall is absolutely brilliant as a serial killer who works as a blood expert for the Miami Metro Police while hiding the fact that he is also a serial killer. Dexter goes after bad guys, but he is still a truly disturbing psychopath pretending to be normal while killing bad guys left and right in a very orchestrated manner.Dexter is television crime drama at its best. It is a brilliantly conceptual idea brought to life by really good actors and the gorgeous setting of Miami.And because this show is set in Miami, several of the regular characters in the series are portrayed as Cuban characters, such as Dexter's boss, Lt. Maria LaGuerta, played superbly by Puerto Rican actress Lauren Velez and detective Angel Batista, also played superbly by Puerto Rican actor David Zayas.Now enter season three, which introduced a new character, that of Asst. District Attorney Miguel Prado, another Cuban character played by, yep that's right: Jimmy Smits!Smits is a terrific actor, and since by now he seems to be making quite a decent living playing Cubans on TV, the least that Showtime can do is hire some Cubans to write their Spanish dialogues for the series so that at least he can sound Cuban.I know that this is pedantic, but everytime that Smits or the other "Cuban" characters speak to each other in Spanish banter, it is grating to Cuban ears to hear "non Cuban" Spanish being spoken.Imagine that you are watching a foreign movie, let's say that it is a French movie... and all the dialogue is in French, and in the film there are two British actors who are playing American parts, and every few minutes they speak to each other in English, and instead of American English coming out of their mouths, what comes out is cockney English.That's what (in my pedantic world of Virgos) I have to suffer everytime that LaGuerta, Batista and/or Miguel Prado talk in Spanish.The straw that broke the camel's back a few episodes ago was when Miguel Prado (Smits) jokingly called Dexter a "filipolla" (or "gilipolla").That's when I realized that the writer that Showtime has hired to write the Spanish for the series, not only has no idea about what Cuban Spanish sounds like, but also zero idea of what Latin American Spanish sounds like, as opposed to Castilian Spanish.Having lived in Spain for a few years in my 20s, I know what that word means, which is essentially a curse word used by Spaniards; let me repeat that: Spaniards, to mean a-hole or jerk, etc.I am almost 99% sure that no Cuban in Miami or Cuba or anywhere else in the Great Cuban Diaspora, has ever called anyone a gilipolla, unless perhaps they live in Spain and have picked up the term there... from Spaniards.But in Miami? Naaaaaaaaaaaah...A Cuban would have said "Maricon" or perhaps "Cabron." But fili/gilipolla? Nunca!Now imagine those two Brit actors playing Yanks in my earlier French movie example, calling each other "gits" or "wankers."Welcome to my pedantic hell.And now for Showtime: My list of actor candidates who are actually of Cuban ancestry and thus a shoe-in for the part and who actually speak Spanish with a Cuban accent:Andy Garcia (duh!!!! perfect for the part!... but probably too classy and too expensive to do TV).Nestor Carbonell. He was great in "Canes" and also in "Lost City," although I think that he wears eye make up?Mel Ferrer... ah!... I think he's dead.Desi Arnaz... fine, fine... he's definately dead; but how about Desi Jr.?????Jorge PerrugorriaCesar Romero ... fine! I know that The Joker is definately dead.Julio MechosoRuben RabasaVictor RiversGeorge Alvarez...Showtime: call me.
As Bar-On explains, he has had the unusual experience of recording Israel&#8217;s role in the Suez Crisis of October-November 1956 on three occasions: during the events themselves, when as a lieutenant-colonel and head of bureau to Chief of Staff Moshe Dayan, he kept daily records in a Bureau Diary; a year later, when he compiled and adapted the diary notations into a classified account of the events; and thirty years later when, using newly disclassified archival materials, he studied the same events for a doctoral dissertation at the Hebrew University.This mix of personal experience and scholarly inquiry make The Gates of Gaza the authoritataive source on the ever-mysterious subject of how Israel got enmeshed with the British and French governments in the assault on Suez. More importantly, he establishes how, in the view of David Ben-Gurion, Moshe Sharett, and the other Israeli leaders, the road to Suez began over a year earlier&#8212;in September 1955, when the Czech-Egyptian arms deal made Moscow an active player in the Middle East and gave Gamal Abdel Nasser an enormous boost in power. Bar-On argues that the Suez war &#8220;was fought to contend with the motivations of the Czech deal&#8221; and he expertly brings to life the mood in Israel in the ensuing months, especially the sense of apprehension among the military brass.....
For all those folks out there that don't know how to program and plan on using this book to learn programming - specifically game programming, my advice - DON'T. Programming concepts are not explained in enough depth to be useful. There is a process that takes place in a programmer's mind as one develops a feel for converting ideas into programs...and the book in no way helps to pave the neurons along that much needed path.The author uses commands in examples before explaining their use and purpose. There are too many "huh?" moments. The long and interesting programs are presented with no discussion in the text about how it works! (Bigger "HUH!") If the book was actually intended for a more advanced programmer, then many pages were wasted in a half-hearted attempt to teach someone how to program. The book feels more like an annotation of the user's manual rather than concepts about building games using the DarkBASIC scripting language. I can't recommend this version of the book, especially since the cost of a used copy seems rather high for what you `ain't' gonna get.
I'm sure I'll get the usual "not helpful" votes from people who've already seen the movie and disagree with what I'm about to say, but in case the reader *hasn't* seen it yet, don't bother. I love vampire lore, and I own a few solid B movies, like Evil Dead, etcetera. This movie seemed right up my alley.As a previous reviewer mentioned, there's no dialogue for 45 minutes. Ok, fine, at least there was some action so it's not necessarily boring. The sub-titles explain later that the two main characters were in a high-speed car chase/shoot-out (opening scene) because they ran away from school. WTH? What kind of schools the French had in the 70s remains a mystery, as I ditched class plenty of times and no one shot me.This is a mini-theme. Weird and stupid things happen and no attempt is made to explain them, leading the viewer to wonder if there were several scripts, or maybe none at all.Also, the vampires are beyond ridiculous. I'm tempted to add a star to the review because they were actually comical to behold. I think their fangs were made of little paper triangles jutting out over their lower lips. Their "attacks" consisted of pressing their faces to someone for a second and that person dramatically collapsing. That would also be funny if taken out of the context of this awful movie.Finally, the chicks aren't that hot, so you can stop thinking you're going to get a jerkfest out of this one. There's a bizarre 5-minute scene in the middle where three women (who are hotter than the two main stars) who are chained up in the vampire's lair are raped by some henchman and start moaning like they enjoy it halfway through. This ... yeah. If you enjoy rape fantasies starring guys who look like Ron Jeremy in his later years then go for it.The only hope this movie ever had was if the guys from Mystery Science Theater 3000 got ahold of it, which they never did.
This is a great book. Reading it feels like you've happened upon the diary of someone you know while they are not at home and you have decided to be nosey and read it while they are gone. I love the way everything is just scanned picturs of pages from the journals.
A solid novel, but short of the standard he was to set later with works like 'Nobody's Fool' and 'Straight Man'.It isn't hard to see why this was first published by a small house, and only re-issued by a major company once the name Russo became a bankable selling point. Some startling insights and fine turns of phrase, but some clinkers and cliches as well. There is simply too much material, easily enough to stock three full length novels, so we get sketches where we'd like portraits, and the plot doesn't so much wander as careen wildly.Easy to see how it launched his career, though-- the core Russo's talent is on full display. Every character is treated with respect, even affection.I'd class it about equal to the over-rated 'Empire Falls', a bit behind the under appreciated 'Straight Man', and well back of 'Nobody's Fool', his quiet masterpiece.Worth your time if you are already a fan, but not best place to enter his world for the first time.
The color and quality of these glasses is wonderful. I've had them as my glasses for years and add to them now and then. The only problem they have is they tend to chip on the edges of the bottom. Keep them away from each other in the dishwasher and you should be fine. I love love love these glasses!
This movie is slow paced, cliched, filled with bad music and has an unsatisfying ending...How Roger Ebert could give this a good review is beyond me.
This movie was funny, sad at times, and the tension ran deep. I thought this would be another "cute" movie, but there were so many lessons in this so-called "silly" movie.1.) illusion versus reality2.) family comes first3.) stay true to your roots4.) be kind to others/help the down-trodden5.) be happy wherever you areand many, many more
I came across this book in the library exactly one week after losing a job. The title alone was enough to make me pull the book off the shelf, but when I saw that the subtitle was -- "A Survival Guide for the Recently Unemployed" -- I thought, "Well, that sure is me! And I could use some advice on how to land on the right side of my you-know-what."I read half of this engaging how-to book right there in the library. I couldn't put it down. Author Michael Laskoff uses irreverent humor (almost like that of the Motley Fool investment books, except slightly edgier) to deliver his very practical, sound, time-tested advice on how to survive -- and bounce back from -- "employment separation."In this book, you'll find realistic, can-do methods of handling the news of your sacking, how to deal with the emotions it engenders, how to break the news to your loved ones, what to do in the first few days after being fired (hint: have fun!), how to organize a daily schedule for your unemployed self, and how to reenter the workforce -- from writing a resume and cover letter, to conducting inital research and networking, right on up through negotiating a job offer.The chapter on networking was especially helpful to me. When I reached that point and saw the kind of information Laskoff was offering, I said to myself, "I'm checking this book out of the library so I can make notes at home!" Nothing else I've ever read or heard has spelled out networking so completely and made it sound like SOMETHING I CAN TRULY DO. Laskoff tells you exactly how to go about it. No mystery whatsoever.The engaging voice and priceless information is marred only by the dreadful copyediting job somebody did (or, perhaps more correctly, didn't do) on this book. Misspellings, errors in usage and style inconsistencies plague the text. Surely Three Rivers Press, which is a division of Crown -- which is a division of Random House! -- can do better.Thanks, Mr. Laskoff. I needed this book, and not a moment too soon.
I returned Mario Tennis to the store for credit. I'm a big tennis fan, and I was hoping Mario Tennis on Gamecube would be a fun version of tennis that would capture the essence of tennis combined with the impossible fantasy occurences that can only happen in video games... sort of like how the SSX series fantasized snowboarding or the Tony Hawk series depicted skateboarding. I loved Mario Golf so I figured this should be equally well done.Mario Tennis was not what I thought it would be. Sure enough, it was tennis, but the repetitive gameplay interruptions got old really fast and I knew of no way to turn them off. Basically, you have these super moves where the character engages in one of two canned animations (that take 3 to 4 seconds) to hit the ball in a spectacular fashion. These super moves are done about every three exchanges and it got to where I just wanted to play tennis without the stupid time-stopping animations interrupting the game every 15 seconds or so. It stopped being a game after awhile; very little skill is required to play this game. Those super moves were useless as the opponent can and will do an opposing super move to cancel your move out. Against the computer, you basically ended up exploiting the AI by volleying at the net and doing the same exact pattern to win or else you end up playing baseline to baseline indefinitely.After playing games like the Virtua Tennis series on Dreamcast and Topspin Tennis on Xbox, I'd have to say that I was really disappointed by the shallow tennis mechanics of Mario Tennis. On the bright side, very young kids may enjoy this game as the learning curve is extremely short.
This is a fascinating book, but perhaps for the wrong reasons. It attempts to weave business management, nature writing, fishing, and quantum mechanics, among other things. For me, this attempt fails. "Your mileage may vary". The writing is pleasant in places, but painful in many others:"The maze of streets and alleyways lead on to limbs and twigs, reaching out to halls in needles with special energy-fixing organelles-the chloroplasts too have DNA. It is here the favored triplets enact their star performance to a caroling chorus of chlorphyll. Triplets beckoned from the moisture of the soil are joined in wedlock with triplets coaxed in from the breeze. The parson comes from ninty million miles away. The nuptial festivities are sanctified with sunlight. The six-member ring of glucose resonates the wedding march...the bride of light, its life is light." My head hurts.
Works well in cleaning possible smudges and dust off the lens. I keep it in a zip-loc bag to ensure the brush doesn't collect any dust.
Sorry folks, but I really hated this film. Not funny in any way whatsoever. Pathetic, in fact. From the makers of 40 Year Old Virgin ... but it's clearly missing something .... Oh, I know ... the guy who was funny.
Alcohol really is a strange drug, and even stranger is mankind's relationship with it. After all, it's integrated so deeply within our (Western) society it'll never completely disappear, especially not since it nowadays has become such an accepted and important element of a large number or social and formal occasions all over the world.It's not even - to most people - regarded as a drug anymore. "Alcohol" and "drugs" are seemingly two different things, which obviously is complete hogwash. Alcohol is a drug, it just happens to be easily available and deemed legal, (that is, profitable) by the people in power. Unlike "drugs", which are a) something completely different, b) something utterly evil which must be fought by all means necessary, and c) something one can not use in a responsible and harmless way.Goddamnit. That must be the worst case of hypocrisy I've ever seen.And I think I have all the rights in the world to believe that. Because alcohol is, even though most people apparently choose to ignore it, a drug that the last ten years has killed twenty times as many teenagers as heroin or ecstasy, a drug that annually is the cause of death for somewhere close to two million deaths worldwide. Not counting the numerous crimes committed under the influence of this evil liquid. Yet despite its devious ability to kill and/or cause unfathomable pain and suffering it remains legal in most countries. But just like any other drug, alcohol too can be used responsibly, without jeopardizing the health of the consumer or the people around him or her, and sure, a good binge is a good binge.In other words, alcohol is simple matter, and it's this very fact that Nick Brownlee demonstrates to the readers of This is Alcohol. The book is a global survey of different countries different alcohol policies and traditions, but with a focus on Great Britain and what the present situation, along with the history, looks like. This focus should not be frowned upon by any non-Brit, because Brownlee devotes enough attention to places outside the British Isles to please everyone, regardless of where one might live. However, one must be prepared to being told quite a few unpleasant truths about alcohol and especially the politics behind it all.Still, Brownlee's writing isn't flawless, but the few occasional (and honestly somewhat irrelevant) mistakes aside, This is Alcohol remains a book packed with disturbing and therefore readable truths. But remember, they only remain disturbing if you choose to look the other way when the real world comes crushing down.
This was my first Moby CD and I brought it for my fiance's birthday. We both love it! We have brought the CD Wait for me and Last Night since then. Moby knocks the socks off of Lady G
A selling point I haven't seen anywhere: This product can use Vista's ReadyBoost feature to speed up file access especially on systems with less than 1GB of RAM. I've got plenty of RAM on my systems already, so it probably won't buy me much in performance, but if I had a laptop, I'd sure want one of these. Kingston's support is great, and the DataTraveler has a 5-year warranty.
Thick and goopy, doesn't mix/blend well, doesn't spread well over paper. Not recommended for large projects; might work better for smaller pieces.
Joshua Bell's exquisite playing turns these arrangements into Gold. In the hands of Perlman or Shaham these arrangements would be pure shmaltz, but Bell's playing is of the highest caliber.
I got this show based on the many high reviews, but when I actually watched it my reaction was very different. The story is beyond gritty, it wallows in dirt. For example,Robert Duvall's character is physically dirty, he rarely washes (this point is made clear), and has two pigs who are forever rooting in the dirt and eating trash as pets. They chase after him repeatedly, but he never says a kind word to the animals. Instead he curses them and achases them off, and he does so by kicking one leg up at them sidewise, eerily resembling another animal relieving itself. We are apparently meant to take this warmly.Duvall and Jones are run-down, crooked derelicts, with no plans in life other than to get by and evade the law. Their idea of work is to venture across the Mexican border and steal livestock. In the first episode we see them sneak up on their hapless Mexican victims and stampede a herd of the Mexicans' horses, driving them up to Texas and shooting at them while they commit the robbery. They are whooping and laughing while they do it, like this is all a good time. Are we supposed to sympathize with these outlaws? They are not "good guys" in any sense.Then there's meanness and brutality. A young woman is trying to escape from the horrible people in Lonesome Dove, Texas, and, lacking the money for fare, jumps aboard a whisky boat in desperation. This is a small barge manned by half a dozen of the filthiest, meanest, dumbest men you ever want to conjure in your worst nightmare. While she cowers between the whisky barrels, they leer and grin at her, and talk about who's going to be first with her. About then, the filthiest, most animal-like of them stabes another to death and throws him in the river, announcing that he's going to marry her. She tells them that she's married, her voice getting fainter and...I'll spare you the rest.I stopped watching, because it was all too depressing. I'd like to have at least someone to root for. The Duvall and Jones characters are not any form of heroes. They have lapses in their criminality along the way, and maybe some people interpret this as goodness. I did not.The characters here are not merely bad, or outlaws, or flawed. They're rotten, miserable people. I'm sure there were some men like this in the early west, but I'm equally sure there were even more honest and hard working folks. After all, the west did get built. These miscreants, drunkards, woman beaters, murderers and rapists were not the ones who did it.This story does not hold a candle to the many better westerns that have come before it. Try watching The Naked Spur or Man From Laramie or The Searchers or many others and see for yourself. Lonesome Dove is a mean-spirited anomaly. I agree with whoever noted that it is definitely NOT for family viewing.
I really, really, really liked this story. The character development, intricate plot, secondary characters and overall writing style was superb. There is a bit of hesitancy in my review because at first I had a very hard time getting into the plot. First, I'll expound upon what I liked of the book and then I will give my reasons for what I didn't like.First and foremost, I loved the relationship between our hero and heroine. They are up front and honest throughout the entire story. There are no missish airs, no mincing words, no real misunderstandings. Lindsay has a "past" and although is ashamed of it, does not pretend that sex does not exist. Jack is also forthright and honest in his outlook on relationships. He has been burned and really does not want to go through that again. He is attracted to Lindsay and makes no excuses for that. They actually talk about their attraction like adults, as opposed to allusions, innuendos, or assumptions that lead to misunderstandings.The plot was wonderfully complicated and I honestly did not figure out what was going on until it was all unveiled (an extreme rarity for me). I can't compliment Ms. LaFoy enough on her writing skill on this book. Thus saying, I did have a few issues with the story. I felt that Lindsay was way to modern for 1838. Her character was well written, but might have been better set in the 1920's with the women's movement or in modern times. To have a bold woman, free thinking and independent, (frank about sex), a business associate in a wheelchair, a maid without an arm (even though it is all explained) seems a bit modern and jerked me out of the story at first. There are also euphemisms used, such as "looking at the world through rose colored glasses" that felt too modern in the context. These incidents all happened in the beginning of the story, which is why I had a hard time getting into it. Once I got past these issues and suspended my beliefs a bit, I had a much more enjoyable read.One last, quick, praise: KUDOS for writing about the Panic of 1838 and explaining the economic ramifications at the time. Most people do not know this happened, let alone what effect it had on the people around the country.
Some people have complained bitterly about the MP3 download. They say the track changes are horrible. Maybe the issuer has updated it since those reviews because I didn't think the track change edits were bad. Originally, on the album, all the tunes ran together and, well, you have to make cuts somewhere to separate songs. You can hear where they cut but it doesn't sound to me like any notes were lost. I've edited music for MP3 before and you gotta cut somewhere just so you can index the songs. If you want your MP3 to flow perfectly, buy the CD and rip it to one long MP3. This will make it flow perfectly but you'll loose the song indexing. All this being said, I used to listen to this on 8-track; talk about crappy track changes :)
Thanks God, this is NOT one of the albums which contain the oh so "classic" christmas songs in the oh so boring "classic" production style. Melba does NOT recycle the ever same stuff like too many Christmas Collections which are hardly to distinct. She presents many original songs of astonishingly good quality plus a few standards - and has the courage to sing them in a new and fresh style. Her voice is in really fine form, often soft and calm and soulful. 4 stars instead of 5 only because the package comes in a really cheap way (no booklet!). An truly outstanding holiday album, like a fresh breeze.
This is a fun and entertaining book. It's also a great book to give to your daughter to see what men really think or talk about, particulary regarding first date hookups. It's something like this (he's got a lot more skill than me so I am just providing a summary)Hi, it's nice to see you Sandy. We saw each other in class a few times. You're really cute, oh' that's so funny, you are so cool and I always wanted to meet you. We can spend a few minutes meet some of my friends... Sure give me your number, it's great seeing you.Yeah, Al, you won't believe it, who do I hook up with Sat night but Sleezy Sandy. I know, I know, it's getting late, and anything that's any good was taken. You're right she's got those crazy jugs, with the discoloration on the left, and she makes that funny umph, umph sound like this. She was cool and I did try her from the ,,,He makes a great argument for some type of relationship and not hooking up with strange guys. Again, a nice book to get your daughter when she comes of age. A pretty good argument for traditional values for a women.
The title of my review pretty much sums it up. The game is totally addictive--even when you're frustrating, it's tough to put down. The challenge level is high--after you see the ending, you unlock another "book" (basically, another mode) that has the same levels, only harder. Plus, there are over a dozen "cards" to unlock, if you still crave more. And trust me, you will be. The fast-paced, touch-screen gameplay is great fun, and makes wonderful use of the DS capabilities. Also, both screens are used well (especially during the super-cool boss fights), and every "chapter" introduces new mechanics. Like WarioWare, this is a must-play for DS owners.
I enjoyed this book, I was hoping for a book with a bit more meat in it so to speak. But found that it was a good book for a quick guide to the festivals. I would recommend this book to anyone who is new to the understanding of the fullfillment of the festival feasts and there significance when applied to Jesus' past (Yeshua ben Joseph) and to His future (Yeshua ben David) here on earth.
I recently viewed Apocalypse Now Redux on cable, and even more recently purchased the DVD of the original cut of Apocalypse Now. To anyone who has never seen the movie, I strongly suggest that you watch the original cut first. It is by far the better movie, and I would easily give it five stars.Naturally, I was chomping at the bit to see the expanded movie. Who wouldn't be excited at the prospect of seeing so much added footage to one of their favorite films? And it is interesting, of course, to see all the scenes that were left out. Alas, they're not very good, they slow the movie down, and, although they do add interesting character development, they dilute the film's power considerably.The French plantation scene is both boring and puzzling, the playmate scene is creepy and incomplete, and such business as stealing the surfboard diminsihes the impact of the preceding scene.I have no idea what happened to Coppola's judgment. But the first cut is the product of the vision of the man who made the first two Godfather films, while the new cut seems to reflect the judgment of the man who made the third Godfather movie and Jack. I mean no disrespect to Mr. Coppola, and I continue to hope that he will yet make a movie that can compare to his towering achievements of the 70's. But although he has made some good movies since the One From the Heart disaster (I'm quite fond of Bram Stoker's Dracula, for instance), his output of the last two decades no longer places him in the first rank of directors, I'm sorry to say.I guess my basic advice to you is to rent the original cut. If you like it, then of course, you'll want to see the long version (Redux). Then make up your own mind. I'm sure that many of you will disagree with me. But I truly believe that you'll have a better chance of recognizing that this is one of the greatest films ever if you see it as Coppola originally conceived it.
Even though I have read several of Kellermans books I could not finish this one . I made it through chapter 6 and tossed the book .There is just to many useless words to take up space that has nothing to do with current storyline . Like author goes into great detail to tell what a house looks like or what character is wearing , and there is parts in book where police's wife has a friend read some sort of Jewish writting for her and the useless words just go on and on . WORST BOOK WRITTEN BY KELLERMAN TO DATE .
I am a Genesis fan from back in the mid 70's, when the Gabriel-propelled songs made this band truly one of the pioneers of prog rock. When they switched over to Phil Collins at the helm, granted "Seconds Out" was absolutely fabulous, extraordinary, BUT their studio albums began to become a bit too pop for me. Towards the end, there were newer Genesis songs that were so sickly pop they would make Britney Spears cringe, and this was all Collins fault, in my opinion.At this point, I still loved Genesis, but now ONLY the OLD Genesis (from "Seconds Out" on back); the new stuff I actually hated. Yes, hated.Along comes this album, and although not in the same league as pre-'78 Genesis, it's easily the best works to come out under the title of "Genesis" in a lonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng time.It's good, quite good, and it's a shame that this version 3.0 of Genesis didn't have a chance to continue.
The good in this dvd: there is some incredible footage that I have never seen before in any other WWII series. Some of the footage is gruesome and horrific. It makes even me turn my eyes away. There are great interviews with veterans throughout the dvd. The bad: it is not a comprehensive look at the war, it is on a narrow segment. (Combat photographers.) Tom Hank's extremely biased rant against the atomic bombs that barely acknowledges one whole side of the argument is not appreciated.Overall, this dvd is worth picking up if only for the amazing footage it contains, but also look at "Price for Peace" which gives a much more complete- and unbiased- account of the Pacific War.
Despite the fact that this clock hangs in my basement rec room in Cincinnati, it has had no problem receiving the time signal from Colorado. It should be noted, though, that, as the manual mentions, the proximity of a powered-up TV or computer monitor can interfere with reception of the signal.As an owner of some expensive acoustic guitars, I find the hydrometer readout very useful for monitoring room humidity. And the readout is big enough to be easily visible from across the room.I only wish this thing looked a little less purely utilitarian. Big and clunky, two-tone silver, it adds nothing to my room aesthetically.
I purchased this book because Scott Ambler was listed as a coauthor. What I received is a book that is uneven in editing and content, and next to worthless as a &quot;Practical Guide&quot;. There are some areas in the book that are worthwhile, but on the whole this book is out of touch with contemporary practices in enterprise architecture and how to approach it.My advice is to avoid this book. A more realistic, realworld and practical approach to architecture can be found in &quot;IT Architecture Toolkit&quot; by Jane A. Carbone, ISBN 0131473794.
Punch in "Jefferson Airplane + box set" and you will find this CD and the other first 4 JA albums in a boxed set for $15.88, about 80 cents more. Cheers!
I bought this hoping it would have the sparkle of fresh ginger, but it tastes only of powdered dried ginger & sugar. No depth of flavor or nuance.Some people may enjoy, but it's not my choice.
I bought this all-in-one printer after reading dozens of reviews on a multitude of all-in-one printers on the web. I took this printer into serious consideration due to it's great reviews & I have always had great luck with Canon products for their quality & their reasonable prices. This printer is so simple to use "even a cave man can do it." The menu w/click wheel and 2.5" screen is super easy to use. Plus, it is handy when you want to print or copy w/o using your computer. The photo quality is exceptional for the all-in-one's in this price range of about 150.00 on up.My friend spent 400.00 on his HP C7180, and side by side he admitted my photo print at the best resolution was better than his! Not bad for more than $250 less than his. Granted the C7180 has built-in bluetooth, a fax machine, wireless networking, and a larger screen by 1.1". For that high of a price difference who cares? when the Canon's photo print Resolution is 9600x2400 dpi vs. 4800 x 1200 of the HP C7180. That's double the resolution. Not to mention more printing nozzles than any other printer in it's class. More print nozzles = finer print quality. Eventhough on paper it says it's the same reolution doesn't mean it is the same quality, especially when you print a picture or something that requires any detail. Printing on the 2nd to best 4x6 glossy photo paper set to best photo-print settings the picture looks like a photo lab quality picture. No kidding... my wife, family, and friends couldn't tell a difference. I am sure a trained eye could, but you'll have to squint or look twice!Now, as far as size goes. It is big all-in-one, don't let the small picture fool you. I was suprised when it arrived. For the price you are gonna get the biggest & best bang for your buck. Do the right thing and buy this printer! That is if print quality, price, ease of use, and overall product quality is important to you. What are you waiting for? I bought it & am soooo glad I did!
Good thing I did not have to buy money for this...hey, I am grateful, yippee. I went down to the local library and borrowed it and I couldnt wait to hear her ideology. I for one, think it is preposterous that so many women are seeing Sarah as God. She is not wise, or full of wisdom. What is her message? She is saying the same exact thing the New Age and Religious Communities have been saying for at least the last 15 years...be grateful, have gratitude. She acts as if she invented the idea...and what is worse, people are buying it. I cant believe people are buying this tape to learn how to be grateful. I have an idea, and it doesnt cost you anything...learn to say &quot;Please&quot;, &quot;thank you&quot;, and dont cut people off on the freeway.
This book is excellent and I have bought it many times over to give to girlfriends as a gift. Definitely worth reading.
In the wake of September 11, a lot of Americans are only starting to wake up to something known to anyone who has read this book: the Arab world has succeeded Nazi Germany as the global epicenter of annihilationist anti-Semitism.Bernard Lewis' book was written well in advance of the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, and it makes essential background reading into the bizarre theorizing that is so replete in the Arab world.Lewis writes carefully and with sympathy for his subjects, and he is careful to draw a line between criticism of Israel and outright bigotry. Still, his inquiry finds that far too many newspapers and intellectuals in this region are willing to embrace medieval libels and Nazi tracts in their efforts to explain away the perseverance of Israel.Anyone who holds universal tolerance as a cardinal value - regardless of their stance on the Israel-Palestine conflict - should read this book carefully. Unless the world shines the light of truth on the recesses of paranoia and hatred lurking in the Arab world, we will be certain of seeing many more Osama bin Ladens
I have a slew of interactive "keep-em-busy-while-at-work" dog toys and this is one of the least effective in terms of challenge and play time.The material is a soft bendable plastic which the dog can easily bend with paws/snout to squeeze out a treat, without ever having to "unscrew" the toy! defeats the purpose.Screw threads difficult to screw on smoothly: if you're trying to stuff with treats and get out of the house quickly, you'll spend precious minutes aligning the threads of the center screw-on portion. waste of time.The orifice that holds the treats (if you're buying the small size) is very narrow and shallow. This makes it more tough for you to distribute the treats. You have to spend time aligning the treats so they lie in the best way so that the dog will be thoroughly challenged.Overall, this toy is too easily solved, and wastes a lot of your time when assembling and arranging. Instead i recommend the kong wobbler, biscuit block, iq rolling ball, kong for longer play and challenge.
This was the first romance book I ever read over 20 years ago and I'll never forget it. As a slave to Stephen King, Peter Straub and Dean Koontz, it was inconceivable as a teenager that I would read a yucky smutty romance novel, but after having exhausted all of their books at the time, I went to the basement to look through the clusters of old books lying around. The cover was unbelievably cheesy and I thought it would be a hoot to read one and make fun of it. By the first three chapters, I was completely hooked. I was shocked that the dialogue was so funny and I found myself grinning or downright laughing out loud constantly.Lauren Danner had to get a job to help her family out after her father's illness. She is a bright college graduate and gifted pianist who takes an offer from a distant cousin to be a secretary. Things get a little muttled and she is convinced to work for the competitor to try and find out who the mole is that is stealing her cousin's secrets. She's extremely uncomfortable with the deal, and hasn't decided if she'll do the spy work, but she definitely needs the job so humors her cousin into applying for the position. While there, she deliberately sabatoges her interview only to be intervened by a chance encounter with the president of the entire conglomeration, Nick Sinclair. The circumstances of the encounter is extremely funny and witty and Lauren, the ethereal good girl, finds herself in over her head in a tryst with Nick. Not knowing Nick is the owner, she flirts with and asks him on a date only to be seduced by Nick in what he was hoping would be a one night stand. After giving her virginity to Nick, she's devastated when Nick doesn't call her afterwards and learns that Nick is in fact the president of the holding company she works for with a string of lovers to boot. From there, she is resolved to throw herself into her work and ignore Nick, but Nick is completely enthralled with her beauty and innocence and can't stay away from her after they find themselves at one of the corporate cocktail parties. Used to being able to snap his fingers to have a harem of women fall at his feet, he can't believe Lauren won't drop back into bed and have an affair with him. A full blown battle of the sexes ensues with a cast of supporting characters that have full faith in the good girl, but more importantly, there is still the mole to ferret out in the side story of corporate espionage, and a tangle of hurt and betrayal from Nick's past that get in the way of their happily ever after.This is a pretty short story and one of McNaught's earliest works, but it's a fast energetic clever novel that brings romance, drama, misunderstanding, betrayal and hope. I absolutely loved it and it made McNaught my all time favorite romance author. I devoured everything by her thereafter and eventually branched out into other authors. No one quite comes close to the magic that McNaught seems to weave and after 20 years, I still love this book.
Once again, these reviews are chock full of people who have reviewed the man, not the book.. of which, those who gave this book 1 star, probably didn't even read. Calling him a KKK member is ridiculous and unfounded (A. santamaria). What, exactly, are these "lies" he tells (T. Gibson)? The "bomb throwers" of course never back themselves up, a hypocrisy considering the things that they accuse others off. Love him or hate him, it's sad that these reviewers have turned this into their dumping grounds to bash people they don't like.Who's Looking Out For You is a no-nonsense (dare I say common sense) guide to one man's opinions on how to detect and cut the BS out of your life.. to be able to tell who is looking out for your best interests instead of their own, because sadly, a great deal many people don't seem to have this ability and allow themselves to be walked on daily.In the end, it comes down to classic Bill O'Reilly mantra: "Let the audience decide." The spirit of the whole book is about thinking for yourself, making up your own mind. You bear accountability in the things that happen to you, when you continually LET them happen to you.
I'm a big fan of horror movies, and I watched a lot of them, but this one doesn't have anything interesting for the horror genre...I do not recommend this movie...If you want horror, look for &quot;The Ring&quot;...
Classic Stanley provides us a clear, brilliant, and highly compelling window into the live performance of all five members of the best and most highly talented version of The Clinch Mountain Boys that Ralph Stanley ever assembled! Members of this band include Ralph Stanley, Roy Lee Centers, Curly Ray Cline, Ricky Skaggs, and Keith Whitley. During the time When all five of these band members played together they constituted the best and most talented band to ever record bluegrass music! Ralph Stanley may have the best lead vocal voice to ever record bluegrass music. Roy Lee Centers has a lead vocal voice that rivals Ralph Stanley. Ricky Skaggs turned out to be one of the best lead vocalists to ever sing recent bluegrass music. Keith Whitley also had an excellent singing voice that blended so well with the voice of Ricky Skaggs. Thus it's easy to imagine just how very, very outstanding are all of the vocals on Classic Stanley. All members of the band most superbly play their bluegrass instruments. Curly Ray Cline is the most outstanding fiddler in bluegrass music. At least Ricky Skaggs is supremely talented on multiple bluegrass instruments. Therefore, both the beautiful instrumental parts and the thrilling vocal parts on Classic Stanley are outstanding bluegrass achievements and are a tremendous joy to listen to and most highly enjoy! Being a highly devoted long-time fan of Ralph Stanley, I own many Ralph Stanley and The Clinch Mountain Boys' secular and gospel cds and cd sets, and I have seen him live in concert. So what we have on Classic Stanley is the best bluegrass band ever assembled playing outstanding and thrilling mostly secular and some gospel bluegrass music in the best live performance of Ralph Stanley and The Clinch Mountain Boys that is available on cd! The sound quality of the Classic Stanley live performance is excellent, although not quite as good as some of Ralph Stanley's studio-recorded music. Classic Stanley is a two cd set that includes live versions of 32 outstanding Ralph Stanley mostly secular and some gospel bluegrass songs, one humorous song sung by Curly Ray Cline, and one record commercial by Ricky Skaggs. The harmonies on all 32 songs are so good and so special that they nearly take the listener's breath away. Each of these 32 songs is an outstanding bluegrass tune! Although, I am hesitant to choose a favorite song, I do believe that Rank Stranger, with Ricky Skaggs singing lead, is not only the best song on Classic Stanley, but is also my all-time favorite bluegrass song. On Classic Stanley the listener who is quite new to Ralph Stanley will be introduced to many "new" Ralph Stanley songs, while the highly devoted long-time Ralph Stanley fan will hear outstanding live versions of 32 songs that have been recorded before as studio versions on other Ralph Stanley cds. Going along with the 32 songs, we also hear spoken introductions to many of these songs. These spoken introductions give us both new information and humor about the songs and the performers. These introductions also bring us closer to these outstanding musicians and their thrilling bluegrass music. Ricky Skagg's record commercial and the one humorous song sung by Curly Ray Cline are also fun to hear. I am truly and highly thrilled to own, listen to, and most highly enjoy Classic Stanley! Classic Stanley marks a very high point in bluegrass music. Classic Stanley is a MUST BUY for every new or long-time fan of bluegrass music! Classic Stanley is a great treasure that preserves for us the best live bluegrass music that I have ever heard recorded on cd! One point of interest here concerns Ricky Skaggs. When Ricky Skaggs left Ralph Stanley's bluegrass band, he recorded one great bluegrass cd with Keith Whitley, then left bluegrass music for awhile to establish himself as a highly successful country music singer. As is fortunate for all bluegrass fans, Ricky Skaggs eventually returned to bluegrass music to assemble Kentucky Thunder and to join them in recording some truly outstanding bluegrass music. I also highly recommend Ricky Skaggs and Kentucky Thunder's bluegrass cds to you.John
Kids lip-syncing and pretending to be playing instruments while they pass themselves off as a real band?Save your money and your time
The Family Ties story arc, which was basically a crossover between the Witchblade and the Darkness, is the most poorly written, confusing, non-reader friendly story arc I've ever read. When I first read this, I thought I must be stupid because I didn't understand a thing I was reading. I reread it, and still had no idea what was going on. I finally realized: I'm not dumb, this story arc is just very poorly written. It tries to tell a story by NOT telling the story. Back then, Top Cow's philosophy for writing stories was to leave the reader out of the loop as often as possible. Show the reader brief snapshots of unfamiliar situations, throw in some cryptic, meaningless dialogue and text, and let the reader try to figure it out for him/herself. I was an English major and I pride myself at being able to figure out twisted plots and mysteries, but I simply can't make sense out of this book no matter what I do. Maybe if you hired a philosopher, a linguist, and a psychic, you could figure this book out. To make matters worse, Top Cow basically repeated this story arc in the Witchblade Blood Relations storyline. It doesn't make any sense in that context either. Family Ties is one of those things where you only buy it if you absolutely have to have all the issues of a particular series.
In the second season of Bleach, Ichigo and friends infiltrate the soul society in order to save Rukia from execution. As Ichigo battles various other soul reapers, it gives a little background on how they know Rukia or how they became who they are today. Some battles are a little drawn out, Rukia doesn't appear very much, but the humor is still there. It's a little more serious than the first season but no less entertaining. The reason I gave it four instead of five stars is because of the long drawn out battles. Some of them are downright annoying!
Jack "Legs" Diamond was not murdered in Albany...he was murdered in a hotel room on 64th Street in New York City on Oct. 30, 1931.
There isn't an argument made today supporting our invasion of Iraq that wasn't made forty years ago in favor of the war in Viet Nam. There isn't a criticism of the war's opponents being offered today that does not echo the positions voiced four decades ago.Prof. Schlesinger demolishes the war advocates and brilliantly bolsters those who stand up and object to a policy and an administration that is headed 180 degrees in the wrong direction.Does criticism of the present administration embolden our enemy? (Please see page 9 of the paperback edition.) Are objections to the Iraq war unpatriotic? (Pages 53-55.) Prof. Schlesinger points out "It is hardly prudent for any President to insist on a conception of unity which, on closer examination, means no more than unquestioning acceptance of government policy...Criticism of a war always cheers up the enemy; but I do not recall that any government official admonished Abraham Lincoln to stop criticizing the Mexican War on the ground that it gave aid and comfort to Santa Anna." (Page 118.) And he quotes Secretary McNamara "'This is a nation in which the freedom of dissent is absolutely fundamental.'" (Page 122.)Does this problem have a military solution? (Page 39.) "'My feeling,' General Wallace Greene, Commandant of the Marine Corps, has wisely said, `is that we could kill every Viet Cong and North Vietnamese in South Vietnam and still lose the war. Unless we can make a success of the civic-action program, we are not going to obtain the objectives we set.'" (Page 48.)Now this Administration has proposed the "Surge" Strategy. In other words, it's just going to take one more military step [escalation] (pages 31-33). Or, as Prof. Schlesinger summarizes this approach: "The theory, of course, is that widening the war will shorten it."We've received continued optimistic progress reports and predictions in the face of evidence to the contrary (page 24). Yet the war's advocates suggest the public's perception of failure is the fault of the press (page 26). Indeed, is there a justification for preventive war? (Pages 94-95.) And, once again, we see how a puppet government leverages American support (page 112).What if the people do not support the present course of action? Each President remains "accountable at the bar of public opinion for every act of this administration." - Andrew Jackson (page 32)Is world opinion important? (Pages 56-57.) "'An attention to the judgment of other nations is important to every government...'" - James Madison, 63rd Federalist (page 58). "If our credibility is the issue, it is rather more important that other countries believe in our intelligence and responsibility than our passion for over-kill." - Prof. Schlesinger (pages 115-116).If we leave, is this another "Munich?" "In the years since [World War II], the consciousness of policy-makers has been haunted by the Munich and Yalta analogies - the generalization ...that appeasement always assures new aggression...The multitude of errors committed in the name of `Munich' may exceed the original error of 1938." (Pages 89-92) "There is more respect to be won in the opinion of this world by a resolute and courageous liquidation of unsound positions than by the most stubborn pursuit of extravagant or unpromising objectives." - George Kennan (page 115). There is also the view of Winston Churchill: "I would not sacrifice my own generation to a principal however high or a truth however great." (Page 97.)We are fighting this war at a frightful financial cost (page 50). And there is "the most serious cost of all - a cost both domestic and foreign: the ebbing away of belief in the American government. It is an irony that a war undertaken to demonstrate the credibility of the American word should end in erosion of confidence in American integrity and purpose." (Page 64.) "...the intensity of the national administration's commitment to the Bill of Rights can make a vital difference." - Prof. Schlesinger (page 117).Happily, Prof. Schlesinger offers not only history but also hope. In Chapter VIII. ("A Middle Course"): "Are these the only alternatives: disorderly and humiliating withdrawal or enlarging the war? Surely our statesmanship is not yet this bankrupt." (Pages 99-101.)When this book was published approximately 4,000 US military personnel had lost their lives in Viet Nam. The final tally of the butcher's bill was over twelve times that terrible number. I wish more people had read this in 1967 - and I wish every member of the Senate and House would read it today.
In short, this is a sort of self-help manual for the self-advancer. In summary, some actions are presented to gain the individual power while others are seen to decrease it. As a result, megalomaniacs unite! Get the power you desire to get what you want the way you want to get it.Sure, this approach might not do much for your relationships - but if you're a person who prefers desert island victories and cave domination to social functions then this approach may work well.The only real flaw I see in the book is that the oppressor must live with those who are oppressed. Well, I guess that assumes they're allowed to live.The authors write, "Get others to do the work for you, but always take the credit," - Some might call that stealing. It's also referred to as plagiarism. In taking their advice, I was thinking about gaining the power of writing this book myself. I guess all I'd need is a Xerox copy of the text and I'll be taking this down to Kinko's for binding!
The folks at Saturday Night Live are probably still kicking themselves for letting Tina Fey go, but if you liked her on SNL you'll love 30 Rock. The dynamic between Tina Fey's character and Alec Baldwin's is a kick, and Tracey Morgan and Jane Krakowski are wonderful too. I don't live in the States, so I decided to wait for the dvd release rather than download the show on iTunes (which won't be an option any longer if the rumors I hear are true). It was worth the wait, because I don't want to sit at my desktop to watch the show, but some of the extras were a tad weak. I understand that Tina Fey is busy writing AND acting AND producing, but I expected more than what was offered; Kenny, the Page's interview show is especially bad. But overall I love the show and the dvd was worth the wait. Can't wait for season 2!
Thought I would give this album a review to let you know that Midnite has never produced a bad album. This album is a combination production between Midnite and I Grade records. It is a lot different from Unpolished but different is good! One track "Check Ya Self" and you will be hooked on Midnite. I have tens of thousands of Reggae cuts and this song blows my mind. The rest of the album will hyponotize and mesmorize. Branch out my brothers and sistas Roots is fierce when Midnite play de down.
As one who had a 'wounded soul,' I cannot tell you how much this book changed and turned around my life. I received it as a gift many years ago and I have now bought my 4th copy of the book, as the ones I have loaned out never 'come home', which speaks of how powerfully this book also speaks to others. In this book, Max tells of characters of the Bible as if they are actually people you know in real life; perhaps an aunt or uncle, sister or brother, friend or neighbor. His narrative is so possitive that no one can read it and not be affected. I consider it a must for any library!.
As far as I'm concerned, you can't find a better tasting peanut than Virginia Diner. The nuts are blister fried and not greasy. The favor is excellent and they disappear quickly whenever I put them out. I used to buy them directly from VA Diner but have found the price on Amazon to be better plus I usually order so I get free shipping to make it an even better deal. I'll continue to check Amazon price against the direct purchase to make sure I'm still getting a good deal. You can't go wrong with these. Everyone loves them.
I happened upon this book in the local library and the title caught my eye. There are many books about screenwriting and how to make it in hollywood, but not too many in my opinion show how to make it from day to day, project to project like " The Working Director." I would highly recommend this book to anyone that is interested in directing.
I've bought two of these.I bought the second one because the first developed a bad pixel, resulting in scans with a vertical black line on them. No, it was not dirt on the glass, I cleaned it carefully.The second one developed a bad pixel in the same place.(It's either a bad pixel, or dirt getting inside the glass in an inaccessible location.)
This review is about the disks of both versions. I have purchased season sets of both versions and they have some disks with people who don't belong on disks. I believe only regulars should be on the disks, meaning The Ingalls family, the townsfolk, the Edward's, and in later seasons the Garveys. And only in seasons where they are on and a regular. One of the disks in this season and version has Jonathan Garvey. Jonathan Garvey is not on until the 1st episode of the 4th season. On the first season of this version has ErnestBorgnine. He was only on 2 episodes and should not have been on a disk. In the other version "fold out" has the same problem too. In Season 4 disks has one for "Toby Noe" who doesn't come until the 5th season and then he still doesn't belong on a disk. The 6th season has one for Reverend Aldens wife who does not belong on a disk. Season 7 and 8 disks are great, only regulars. I don't have Season 9 and the Movies so I can't comment on those. This season's cover doesn't belong. Bandit and Baby Grace don't come until the 4th Season. The people might be rearranged, but it is the same cover as Season 4 "fold out" version. Season 1 of this version's disks everyone is too old for that season. I wish the people who put out both version had paid more attention when deciding which characters to put on the disks and make sure they are the appropriate picture for that season.
This fictional memoir-style novel told by a Chinese soldier taken prisoner by the US army during the Korean war, perhaps as a reflection of its mild-mannered, insightful, educated narrator, rolls forward in the chronologic, episodic manner of a real-life historical account. Jin incorporates detail-rich swaths of political and historical interest to ensure that the typical American reader learns something new about the aptly-named "Forgotten War". Since the episodic nature of history doesn't always make for gripping reading, Jin employs a novelistic technique--the reoccurring image of the narrator's anti-American tattoo--to build tension, pique the readers' curiosity, and ultimately pull them through what might be an otherwise dry read.The only time-jump in this chronologically-told novel is its flash-forward prologue, in which the aged narrator tells of his first (and probably last) visit to the US to see his grandchildren, and his fear that he will be strip-searched at US immigration and barred from entering the country, even though "like a talisman, the tattoo has protected me in China for almost five decades." The tattoo makes its long-awaited reappearance about halfway through the novel, after the politically moderate narrator finds himself tossed into a US prisoner of war compound controlled internally by pro-communist Chinese prisoners, but not in the way we expect, and the tension continues to build, but gradually.Two things surprised me about this novel. The first is that previously mentioned gradual pace, which, considering what should be sensational and violent subject matter; the ever-collected narrator seems to bring a calm, almost zen-like balance to the story. My second surprise is at how little of this is actually fiction. After reading about a US general's abduction by his prisoners, and US tanks firing into a POW compound, I had to do a little research. Turns out, these incidents actually occurred but were (and here's my third surprise) covered up in the aftermath. The names have been changed, but the details are accurate down to the general clinging to the gate for his life. Which should make you want to read the book, if you haven't yet!The re-occurrence of the tattoo is significant because it is the only element that threads through the story from beginning to end and ties it off at the end. Without it, suspense within the novel's arc would be fleeting as the narrator moves from the army, to hospital, to a string of POW camps, all replete with their own cast of characters, most of whom are not fleshed out and disappear from the story for good once the narrator moves on. The story is well written, the character likeable yet flawed, and overcomes its own episodic nature and the not-quite suffocating amounts of historical background. That raw, reoccurring image of a mangled tattoo drags us through the narrative like a carrot on a string--and the reader with it--to the last page.
My sense of humor is deficient, and I didn't recognize this as a satire the first time through. It was actually pointed out to me by a professor I handed it off to. So, here we go on why this is a classic of its genre.First of all, I wish to point out that I call this &quot;silly literature&quot; purely because Amazon won't let me use its proper name because they think it's a drug reference. Really, the field is &quot;literature composed by cranks&quot;. Ah, well.The first time I opened this book, I was deceived into thinking it was the perfect example of silly literature 101. There were exclamation marks, italics, the mention of ley lines and the Knights Templar. I was delighted.As I read on, though, I became more and more puzzled. One of the hallmarks of silly lit is that it has copious references. When you check those references, you discover the other hallmark: source torture. No crank would dream of making an unsupported assertion, good heavens, no!, but for a reference to be relevant, it usually has to be read in a forced sense. This happens to be one of my delights.Gardner's assertions are fun, borrowing freely from early talmudic studies, and other esoteric fields. I was quite charmed by his ability to keep the long-haired kings straight, enchanted with his particular use of the Knights Templar, and enraptured with his candidate for King of the World. The antique romanticism of bringing in the Bonny Prince was an elegant flourish, along the lines of &quot;top this!&quot; We have all the wishful thinking of the field brought into one book, and it was lovely.The clue to the fact that this is satire should have been just that - it was too perfect.Note this book's smooth style, and its rather beautiful prose. Compare it to so many others, especially the Leigh-Baigent industry, and you will see the difference. I speculate that this is an academic joke, gotten well out of hand.I have to admit, though, that it is a beautiful satire. The best thing about it is that so many people who will credit almost any piece of silliness, provided the Church of Rome suffers, have subscribed to it.As an aside, all of you need to go back and read Umberto Eco's Foucalt's Pendulum.
when you get to the middle it gets better. i wrote anderson about this book becasue i was pleased with it. you will be too.
This is the poorest recording of this production I have ever heard. I can't believe I spent this much money on it. I would have been musically better off ordering the DVD instead of the MP3. The sound quality is horrible. It sounds muffled and tinny, like it was recorded in a box. It's pretty bad when the sound quality of the original vinyl, scratches and all is preferable to the sound of a digital recording.
Nora hasn't written that much for the page since Hollywood whisked her away. And that's sad, because she is a warm, winning essayist with her own unique voice. Her tone with is us is friendly and intimate -- she's sharing it all with us, sisters. Everything from facial hair to men to motherhood to money. Sometiems she wants us to empathize with her, sometimes she wants us to learn from her experiences. It's all very funny. I was only sorry it's such a slender volume.
This book is a truly inspirational piece of work that I would recamend to EVERYONE. If every person who read this book were to pass it on to someone else in his/her life, the world would be a better place! This book teaches and reinforces the virtues of compassion, friendship, love and so many other of life's greatest lessons! Tuesdays with Morrie is a fast read that draws you into the depths of the relationship between Mitch and his beloved teacher; it also draws you into the depths of your own being and encourages soul searching that leaves you feeling more complete.
I enjoyed this book as I did all the others in this series. Although tis one was not as good...I still rather liked it. The hero is rougish and qi=uite sexy. The heroine is likable. I gave it a foue because the middle part in a bit drawn out. But it does pick up towards the end. I'm really looking forward to the next book that features DAre as the hero.
Very nice and heavy stands. The color is darker and not as silver as the speakers, but still look good. Not $75 good, but do we have a choice?
Pros: Provides close shave with no skin irritation; low total cost-of-ownership.Cons: Trouble getting to a few spots on my face; must "unlearn" some bad shaving habits.I have been searching for the "perfect" shave for as long as I can remember, and have probably tried most, if not all, of the products out there. My facial hair is quite tough, but my skin is very sensitive, which makes shaving something that I usually dread. I bought my Merkur a few months ago, and after a short learning curve, my skin is a lot happier.I was somewhat surprised that it did not come with any instructions, so the first time I used it, I was very disapointed. After some internet searching and a little experimentation, I found that holding the razor at about a 30 degree angle and NOT PRESSING DOWN were two keys to getting a good shave. Other tips: use Merkur blades (much cheaper than Mach III or Fusion blades, and last longer as well), a good gel (I like Aveeno Ultra-Calming), and take your time. My best results seem to come by shaving with the grain the first time, then going sideways or even lightly against the grain a second time.Additional info: after expressing my dislike of my thinning-on-top hair, my (cute) barberette talked me into letting her shave my head. While I visit her every so often for a professional shave, I have also found that the Merkur gets my head as smooth as my face.Conclusion: when Gillette comes out with their 6, 7, or 8-blade razor, I'll just laugh like I do when I see a Fusion commercial.
UNTIL YOU is the second book about the Westmoreland family and a sort of sequel to WHITNEY,MY LOVE. It is natural that the reader will compare them. I feel disappointed that we encounter the same 'big misunderstanding' formula but the worse is that it is not half as well-written as WHITNEY,MY LOVE. This book has not got the McNaught touch or flair.The characters are shallow and inconsistent and the story lacks credibility.I particularly find the beauty of Sheridan unconvincing. In her American homeland, she had never turned any heads. On the boat across the Atlantic, nobody paid her any attention. Then suddenly in London, she was lauded a beauty.Stephen Westmoreland was no better. At the beginning of the book, he was the perfect man-about-town --- smart,dashing, intelligent, sophisticated, suave and charismatic.But the moment he met Sheridan, he behaved like a besotted fool who found her every antic and faux pas amusing and charming.Is this the Stephen we know? The man who could have the pick of almost any beautiful woman in London but would not be ensnared? Sheridan lacked the glamour,the sex appeal,the intelligence, the wit , the sharp tongue , the social polish.... everything that Whitney possessed and endeared her to everyone.Sheridan was brazen , impertinent and saucy without being endearing. I was especially appalled by her going down the dining room barefooted in her peignoir for breakfast and stunned the butler and footmen. I cannot believe that Stephen , an epitome of urbanity and social grace could tolerate her lack of propriety, etiquette and refinement. It is totally out of character. In WHITNEY, MY LOVE, we have Clayton watching Whitney grow up and blossom into a beautiful and alluring young temptress. He was drawn to her gradually through a period of several years. But in UNTIL YOU , the romance did not develop, neither did the characters, the writer contrived them so that everything appears artificial and superficial. Stephen felt a sense of guilt towards Sheridan for her amnesia and a sense of duty towards her well-being but this is not love. I find myself growing more and more annoyed as the story progressed. I pray fervently that Ms McNaught would write a better book on Nick DuVille.
While it's true there isn't much "meat" to this book, BABIES LOVE IT. The pages are simple with BEAUTIFUL, bright pictures and rhymes that babies will be chanting along with their reader. The surprise ending with built in mirror is SURE TO PLEASE your little one. By little one, I'm thinking this book is best suited for 6-18 mo. I can see this is going to be one of our favorites for the next few years. I also recommend "Fuzzy Bee and Friends", a cloth book that really engages young babies.
This is one of those books that every professional astrologer should have in their library for reference.
It's really 90/100No, it's no way near perfect b/c Hollywood made this film.Why you'd wannna buy it:1. One of the best battle scenes ever (at the Lord of the Rings/Braveheart/Glory level)2. It's an epic; it's something new-no gladiators/american wars3. Sad as HELL! I'm not gonna blow anything away yet4. Superb performance by Wantanabe, Cruise-what can I say? The guy can ACT!Why some ppl. didn't like it:1. VERY VERY inaccurate. Please don't study for the World History China/Japan test using details from this film. The Saurai are misrepresented as pure good guys and the Japanese govt. as pawns for the US. Not true!2. Time inconsistency- samurai techniques that took years to master can now be done by Cruise in less than a year3. First 15 minutes of the movie, a guy kicks Samurai [...]. Later, he can't even touch them in a practice fight! Adrenaline? Go figure...Overall-despite its flaws, it ranks #9 in my Personal Favorites b/c I'm an epic lover (the Lord of the Rings, Lawrence of Arabia, Braveheart, Gladiator, Glory, Spartacus, Patriot, etc.) It has great costumes, excellent cinematography, solid acting with honorable mention to Wanatanbe, and is just a great movie.
This is probably the most wide-spread book about Star Trek, and I agree that it's the most important one too. It is almost superfluous to review such a common book. The Encyclopedia *is* Star Trek, it shows everything the show is about on the fictional level.Mike Okuda, Paramount's &quot;canon-keeper&quot; was very diligent and very careful in compiling all the facts from 35 years of Star Trek on screen in one book. Considering this enormous work and the fact that the Okudas have other things to do than writing we may easily forgive occasional errors like mislabeled images or misread registries of starships. Moreover, the Encyclopedia is the one and only reference book that strictly adheres to the facts established on screen, and in this respect it is more comprehensive and more detailed than every such attempt by fans. This is why I always defend it against fans who take the (necessary) nitpicking too far and claim they would do everything better. I have no objections when Okuda supplements the 99% of hard canon evidence with 1% of good speculation.What I like about the Encyclopedia is that, besides the fictional content, it has a good deal of background information too. After all, it is always nice to learn how something was created or if a name is a &quot;tip of the hat&quot; to someone or something in the real world. I'm not quite content with the images many of which should be much larger (which is a matter of the costs, of course). There are also many redundant illustrations, such as I would rather like one big image of the Excelsior class than a small one for each single ship of the class.Anyway, the Encyclopedia is a must-have for any fan who doesn't like to deperately search for every bit of information in the internet. As far as I can tell, much of the content of the Encyclopedia is in no form available in the web.
I can't put into words how much I LOVE The Veronicas. When I discovered their first single 4ever on iTunes, I thought "okay, so one hit song, I'm sure they'll never release an album, and they'll fade out soon." How very wrong I was! The album is here, and it's GREAT! Every song deserves to be a smash hit, except "Nobody Wins," which falls just a little short of the mark. This is a MUST BUY CD, if you like Kelly Clarkson's "Breakway," you'll think you've died and gone to heaven with the Veronicas. If you can catch them on their tour right now, by all means, buy tickets! They're spectacular live!
I used this book during the latter part of my single days and it was a great resource for figuring out what I really wanted in a significant other and, more importantly, focused on self-awareness and the defenses that I've created to hide from my own fears. I've read a lot of other self-help books (including Robbins and Dr. Phil), but although their advice makes sense, their effect was always short-term for me and I quickly forgot the lessons.For some reason, Page's lessons stay with me to this day. The book is well-written and Page effectively uses real-life examples (including her own life) and breaks down her concepts to make them easily understood. The exercises she has in the book were effective in helping me understand the truer underlying feelings beneath the facade that I present to the world (and myself). I'm fairly intuitive for a guy, and the book and its exercises really spoke to me and brought about a lasting change.With self-help books, you want to believe that it has the answer for you, but this one really gives you some tools to figure it out on your own. I've given this away to single friends as gifts and even though I'm in a long-term relationship, I've used the book often as a resource to continue to work on my self-awareness. The only critique of the book I can think of is the title, which probably scares a few people away.
These fold up to fit in a tiny spot and they are very handy to have while travelling. Once you have traveled with scissors, you will never be able to bear travelling without them. It is so helpful to have a pair - when you are opening a package especially. I love these scissors.
In the third volume of his monumental comparative survey of the development of mythological motifs, Campbell turns his attention to the emergence of the great Occidental religious traditions beginning in the Near East.Having examined in previous volumes the religious infrastructure of the newly-emergent agricultural and urbanized Levant, Campbell reviews the emergence of the specialized priestly class. The priests of Sumer turn their attention heavenward to the orderly precession of the celestial cycle.The new priesthood works to integrate individuals within the larger body of the society by reinforcing and, when necessary, coercing subordination to the collective system of sentiments and social stratifications that allow members of a specialized society to function collectively as individual part of a larger whole.Campbell views this Near Eastern stratum as the point of departure for the great traditions of the Occident, which are characterized to a large degree by the strategies they employ for reconciling the new dictates of the civitas with the underlying neolithic archaic religious impulse. The older, deeper mythological level comes down through the Near East and spreads west from its origin in the Taurus mountains in Anatolia. The primary images of this tradition are the Great Goddess of the earth, who embodies all things within her creative matrix, and her son/consort, a lunar god associated with the bull, the trident, the serpent, and the moon. His death and resurrection represent the expression through time of the eternal energies of the psyche and the cosmos.This complex comes down through Sumer and is dispersed along with the arts of civilization (writing, monumental architecture, agriculture, irrigation, astronomy, etc.), where it takes local guise in the form of Dumuzi, Tamuz, Attis, Adonis, Osiris, Dionysus, and Christ. We can trace this diffusion out from the Levant through Egypt and into Central Europe to the West, and through the Harappan civilization in India eastward into China to the East. The latter stream is treated in "Oriental Mythology."In dialog with this blend of Anatolian and Semitic mythology is the proto-Indo-European tradition, which comes out of the Caucuses and breaks into Persia, India, Greece, and on into Europe. The Greco-Roman world reflects the cultural world of the so-called Aryans, who venerate the forces of nature. Their religious culture is preserved outside the classical world among the Germanii and the Celts.Again, Campbell sees two strata to the early Classical milieu. The first is an archaic pre-Aryan chthonic form based on death/rebirth cults, and associated with the goddess and the pig. This tradition is preserved in the Demeter/Persephone mystery rites of Eleusis. The second is the later overlay of the properly Aryan images exemplified by the shining sky-god Zeus.By the fifth century BCE the development of philosophical and scientific attitudes allowed the Greeks to reflect on the world though a rational-empirical lens, and to thereby demythologize history for the first time. We see in high Greek culture the startling emergence of a civilization that emphasizes the individual judgment of the mature citizen, instead of requiring subordination to the worldview of the priestly or kingly caste.This worldview is carried over into Rome where it wins the field for the bright centuries of the mature Republic, until the descent of Rome into tyranny eventually yokes Roman culture to the vicissitudes of its various emperors. By the time Rome is thoroughly Christianized under Theodosius, its political situation has become untenable and it falls to the relentless pressure of the Gothic invasions coming out of Gaul and Germany.Returning to the now-thoroughly-Semitic Near East, whose original Sumerian stock has long since been overrun by the desert peoples who created Babylon and Assyria, we see the emergence of a religious paradigm characterized by the complete separation between God-the-creator and the created world. Because the creator-deity is wholly apart from his creation, he cannot be known by the study of the world, as in the classical systems, nor through introspection, as in the Orient.God's will is only known and affirmed through the proper adherence to the rules of the tribe, which are viewed as the unique repository of divine revelation, herein misconceived as a literal, historical fact. So we have the Jewish ideology of the Old Testament which affirms divine revelation as a historical event and elevates the people of Israel to the sole recipients of divine contact and direction.This view is passed over largely-unmodified to the religious impulses of Mohammad centuries later, although the field is enlarged within Islam to include the tribe of all believers.When the Judaic tradition is fused with the aforementioned image of the dying and reborn god with its goddess-consort, and this is combined with an eschatology driven by the social pressures of centuries of political domination, the result is Christianity. Christ passes through several incarnations, first an eschatological minister of the Essene variety, then the deity of Paul, and through the disputations of Pelagius, the Docetists, and the Eastern Orthodox theologians with the Universal Catholic Church, until the Trinitarian dogma of the Nicene council gains supreme eminence in western Europe for a millennium.Much of the remainder of the book traces through lesser-known offshoots of these main branches and the disputations by which canonical orthodoxies were formed to repudiate alternate interpretive impulses. In the Occident subsequent to the Christianization of Rome, the impulses borne by the Zoroastrian, Neoplatonic, Manichean, and non-Augustinian branches of Christianity were increasingly marginalized. The Christian purge of non-clerical religious ideologies reached a ghastly crescendo in the crusades against the Cathars, and then the Inquisition.Fortunately the book has a happy ending as in the thirteenth century the Renaissance renewal of the classical value placed on the individual in distinction to the priest master-class begins to re-emerge in allegorical form in the Romance traditions of Arthurian legend. We peak ahead at the close of this great work to the Parzifal legend which venerates experience, love, and virtue above the perfunctory salvation conferred by sacraments.This is a brief summary of only some of the main threads of this enormously complicated book.The Masks of God series would make a difficult introduction to the study of comparative mythology, assuming as it does a basic familiarity with a very wide range of cultures and beliefs. What Campbell offers is a diachronic survey of the evolution of these motifs and beliefs, which provides an exceedingly rare and invaluable context for understanding the origin and development of the various positions it examines.Campbell's knowledge is vast, but this book is now about 50 years old, and naturally there is much that we now know that was unavailable at the time. Many of the dates have been pushed back, particularly the Old Testament chronology and the life of Zoroaster. And our vastly-expanded knowledge of the proto-Indo-European cultures changes some of the central details of Campbell's account. Reconstructive linguistic and archaeological work on the PIEs has given strong evidence that some of the mythological motifs Campbell assigns to diffusion based in the Levant are PIE in origin, and spread before that great wave of migrants assimilated the lessons of urbanized Mesopotamia.In general, the complex interaction between the PIEs and the Semitic peoples of the Near East is a murky topic in the book, owing to the paucity of the available evidence. Campbell vaguely assigns the primary zone of interaction between his Aryans and the Near Eastern cultures to the Hurrians, but the details are fuzzy. This ambiguity receives insufficient attention, because the details of how and when those two great religious traditions interacted is of central importance to understanding Bronze and Iron Age religious culture. Consider Hesiod's Cosmogony and its profound similarity to the Babylonian "Enuma elish." One needs to be able to account for this interaction between Akkadian literature and pre-classical Greek mythology, or at least to confess one's inability to answer this problem.Along similar lines, I would have liked to see more attention paied to the emergence in the mid-first millennium BCE, in both Greece and India, of a vital constellation of religious ideas that connect the concept of reincarnation into a wheel of suffering with liberation through direct visionary experience. Campbell gives chronological precedence to the Orient for this belief system, placing the Orphics fairly late and assigning an Indian influence, but his evidence for this is slim, and it does not answer the problem of Pythagoras.This is surely one of the great unanswered questions of religious studies, for this religious motif assumed priority in India by the time of the yogic traditions and spread from there throughout all of Asia.This book is a captivating masterpiece, both unique and profoundly informative.
The Doom Patrol was one of those odd books DC played with in the early 1960s. I know that everybody knows that Doom Patrol and X-Men hit the stands at nearly the same time but in retrospect the 1960s Doom Patrol was more fun to read than the X-Men (especially after Kirby left).When you read the Doom Patrol you feel they took a slight fork in the road from the rest of the DC Universe of that time. Other DC heroes seldom crossed paths with the Doom Patrol and the oddball menaces they fought could only have been fought by them.The art by Bruno Premiani (a really unsung hero of the Silver Age) gives the stories an air of realism that makes the fantastic elements in the stories all the more fantastic.I wait impatiently for a second volume.
I was ready to BLAST these in a review here, but - the 5-star reviews are right. These things - when properly inserted and used with the correct size 'sleeves' for your ears and they are *amazing*. I thought the ear-phones the iPod came with were amazing - but these have an even *better* range. It's like I'm in the room with the artists when I listen using these. I'm hearing the thump from the bass in the middle of my head... it's astounding...!They're worth every penny you'll spend on them.
Oh people, I got to tell you the truth. This story is so slow and the author repeats the same things over and over again. Another thing is that black people do not talk like the characters the author is portraying. This is a good book title, but it needs another storyline with stronger black characters that don't pretend to sound white. Sad to say, I could not finish this book because it was going in circles. I skimmed through it and of course, predictability was inevitable. The main character, Jake, really was not what one would call a &quot;prodigal husband.&quot; Thomas should have made his character more like the prodigal son of the Holy Bible. Jake didn't do enough dirt to be considered a prodigal husband.I'd like to see Terri MacMillan or Sister Souljah rewrite this story using the same title, or perhaps a strong contemporary christian fiction writer could rewrite it.I love christian fiction, but I wasn't feeling this story at all.
Good product, not better than Fodors, which has the color pictures and more accommodation listings.
This is a very good, fast-paced novel full of historical detail. It's the story of a teenboy who must leave his opulent life in Manhattan and go to the Wild West, where he survives through his Orpheus-like musical talents and meets just about every famous person imaginable: Boss Tweed, Oscar Wilde, Bat Masterson, Jesse James, Calamity Jane, etc.It's a lot like Little Big Man: a very old man recalls his past adventures (from 1863 to 1935). It's also like Woody Allen's Zelig: Billy is always there at a famous event or meeting famous people. After a while, it becomes fun trying to guess who that stranger over there is before Billy identifies him as an actual historical figure.Too many historical novels sugarcoat everything and make it all seem so clean and pleasant. Not this one. We get the squalor, the filth, the poverty, the wretched weather. The author is great with the details. The episode involving the killing and skinning of buffalo is brilliantly written, vivid and memorable. He has Billy bouncing around the country like a ping-pong ball, and all we get is a brief mention that he spent some time in San Francisco. I just wish he had taken us there with him and given us some detail.
I absolutely love this movie. It is, to me, a modern classic, and I cannot wait for the Christmas season every year to watch it. This version was completely worth the extra money because it contains the complete "When Love Is Gone" sequence, which is missing from the newer edition. It also has a number of interesting special features.
While it's nice that this series is out on dvd, I'm disapointed to learn that &quot;Love Sounds, episode 4&quot;&quot; was not included here as it's the best episode from THE HITCHHIKER series.Is there going to be a SECOND dvd release with MORE episodes on it?. Please, anyone, email my agent if you have any info on this.Thanks. TovrichAGENT : perillij@yahoo.com
I started watching this and boy, its really fun to sing to. I can't wait to go on a cross country rode trip and belt out the tunes from this film! Dick Van Dyke fan, loved him in Chitty Chitty Bang Bang too. Julie Andrews wow what a lady! She looks so pretty in this film.
Every. line. is read. like the narrator. is. William Shatner. I struggled to get through two disks before I stuck the whole thing in my recycle bin. Really the worst book/disk I've ever purchased.
I enjoyed the movie though it was a typical ex-con gets framed story. The acting is well done and it was nice to see Christopher Reeve walking and healthy. Takes place when times were hard and people did what they could to survive. Ends well.
I think Estevez's purpose here, and one that he achieved pretty well, is to show the tragedy of Robert Kennedy's death in an ordinary human setting, and contrast those events with today. Providing you are not waking from a 50 year sleep or completely ignorant of history, you will know that Kennedy's death hangs over the entire film. Estevez records the day's events in a deliberately soapy, and mostly entertaining style, to contrast then with now - has anything changed? This technique, with clips of RFK's mostly unscripted speeches, constantly reminded me of what has been lost. Comparisons with today's politicians are painful in the extreme. I once watched as RFK spoke, without notes, for 22 minutes, quoting freely from the classics. Few politicians today could even name a classic, let alone quote from one.The soap was mostly relevant - blacks and Latinos in the kitchen, the girl marrying to keep a young man from Vietnam - a stupid war, young lives wasted, black voters obstructed at the polls. Sound familiar? Of course it was soapy - the film has to be sold, get past the factory fed US media and make some money. That cast needs to be paid! The acting was mostly first-rate, the ultimate tragedy was contrasted with the petty concerns of those around RFK, and another life was extinguished, adding to those of John Kennedy, Martin Luther King and Malcolm X. All in the space of 5 years. A great deal of hope died with them.I was a little bored, briefly, during the less successful soapy bits, but, overall, very impressed, very entertained and very moved. I find it pertinent that the media has, generally, given this a lukewarm reception. It touches on issues of human behaviour, decency and justice that are taboo today, not entertaining enough - get back to Big Brother, we'll do the thinking for you. RFK's words over the final scenes are incredibly poignant. Idealistic for sure, but where are the politicians of today with heart and vision, capable of this level of oratory. They would be ridiculed and marginalized at best - witness our media's misrepresentation of Chavez in Venezuela.This was an Everyman's guide to what has been lost and you cannot help but compare with today. That was the point. That was the purpose. Worth a hundred of what passes for entertainment almost everywhere else. Heartily recommended.
This movie just brings memories of my own life and family experiences. It was also shot in my hometown where I have great memories as well. The last scene is shot literally down the street from my house.Great acting, very funny, but behind the comedy there is a very real feeling to this movie.The score is great, one of the best by Mychael Danna & Devotchka.I'm still waiting to watch it with that certain someone! This movie is very special to me. I saw it four time in the theaters during a critical time in my life. I'll always be attached to this movie & I'm getting it the first day it comes out! :)
What happened? This film saga was good until this one came out. I admit it was decent, but thats no excuse for bad acting, bad storyline, and no jump or frightening scenes at all. The story is boring in a way. Michael returns after jaime when shes in a mental asylum. This film was poorly made and poorly written, and the characters are so bad you dont care if they die. This is by far the worst in the series. I only liked it because of some deaths were cool. But this is my own opinion and i still think its worth to rent.
Maybe this movie had too much hype, maybe I am out of touch with what people think is currently funny, but I sat there and felt I was in the Twilight Zone. This movie would have made me laugh a little when I was 16. But I am tired of gross out humor. When the most written about scene in a movie is where someone throws up on someone else I think it says everything.
The plot is good for a horror flick, as is the character development, makeup effects, and gore is not gratuitous. Gross, yes, but with good reason...the demon has a huge appetite! Actually, this reminded me a bit of the Wolfenstein video game at first. I enjoyed it!
I bought this camera about four months ago, and it took beautiful pictures - color quality was much better than the A310 I had previously purchased from Fuji. The small size is great, except that I couldn't find a case that fit it well. Because of this, in my purse it seems that it accidentally turned on (which happens quite easily, unfortunately), which caused the lens to push out against my rigid purse which broke the zoom. I attempted to take it to a Fuji place to get it fixed (I bought it recently enough that it should have still been covered under warranty), but they said that it would cost me over $175 to fix the camera (what was wrong apparently is not covered by the warranty)! I didn't see any warnings about this, and had I realized that this was a possibility, I would never have bought this camera.Summary: great camera, but watch out for it accidentally turning on in tight spaces
When listened to the CD for the first time I was really surprised because there are not many ballads on it. About half of the songs are faster.Any other way: The opener shows us the style of the CD: 80's Pop as its best.If love is out the question: Sounds like the first song, only better.Where does my heart beat now: Her first english hit. A very nice balladThe last to know: Another ballad but not as slow as her newer songs.I'm loving every moment with you: This is weak. I don't like it.Love by another name: Again an Up-tempo song. Quite good.Unison: This is my favourite. It's a dance-song. Not typical for Celine Dion but absolutely great.I feel too much. I don't like it. It's a faster song but very boring.If we could start over: Another ballad.Have a heart: I like this one although it's a little bit shmalzy.Overall a really nice album but there could be more songs on it.
This movie in a word, dissapointing. I expected so much more from director John Woo, whose earlier film Face Off was outstanding and action-packed. MI2 though suffers from a deplorable lack of action, at least early on anyways. Although, it's visually stunning at times, there's really nothing here to grab you. I thought this film had very little to do with the Mission Impossible series, and more resembled John Woo's normal action films. The main problem with the film, is that it's main character, Ethan Hawke, played by Tom Cruise, gets involved in a very, long and drawn out relationship with his female co-star. The film spends far too much developing the relationship between the two, and far too little time giving us action. I also don't agree with the other reviewer's opinion that the first Mission Impossible was forgettable. The first film was much truer to the series, and was a very sharp, smartly-acted film. It had action when it was necessary, within the bounds of the story. I'd highly recommend the first film, and only recommend this one, if you need it as a companion piece. This is definitely not a film you'll watch over and over.
My old Belkin must have taken some surges and was no longer protecting my electronics so I purchased the 12-outlet as a replacement for my office. My computer, monitor, printer, phone charger, speakers, router, cable modem and cordless phone are all plugged into it.The spacing of the outlets is pretty efficient to allow for large brick adapters as well as the normal plugs. This model also has phone, Ethernet and coax protection. The cord management clip is only marginally useful but nice to have anyways. My only complaint is that the 10-foot cord is just too long for my use and wish they'd come up with a retractable cord or maybe removable cords in different sizes. The surge protector sits right under my desk so I only need about a foot of cord length. The extra 9 feet add to the jungle of cables and the right angle plug does not rotate.As I mentioned my old Belkin surge protector died. I didn't really think about the warranty on it until after I purchased the replacement but I called them up and got great service. They offered me a comparably priced replacement so I ended up trying out theBelkin Conserve Energy Saving Surge Strip. They sent me the replacement first and I mailed the old surge protector back at a cost of about $7.This 12-outlet Belkin surge protector is a great value. You get good protection for 12 devices in a slim form factor at Amazon's fantastic price.
I got this book not knowing much about pirates other than what I'd seen in "Pirates of the Caribbean." By the end of the book, I knew a lot more about pirates - and also about Captain Kidd, politics in early America, seafaring and a lot of other things.The book is an exhaustive exploration of the adventures and exploits of William Kidd, who I am sure most of us think of as a dread and bloodthirsty pirate. Through painstaking research, Zacks proves that actually Kidd is just the victim of centuries of bad publicity and vicious word-of-mouth. He was nothing more than a privateer looking to make some money taking stolen merchandise FROM pirates - and he was backed by no less than some of the richest and most influential men in England, who of course left Kidd out to dry (literally) after he was brought back to England in chains.The book is written in an utterly accessible, very engaging style that makes for easy reading. However, there is a LOT of detail in this book, and some parts, where Zacks tries to explain in minute detail the events of a particular day or timeframe, make for slow reading.Overall, however, this is unquestionably one of the best historical profile books I have ever read. It's apparent that Zacks did his homework and over time, came to empathize with Kidd, as a simple man with a dream. I came to feel for him too, and his young wife, who was left a widow a third time when Kidd was executed. The bottom line is that Kidd trusted the wrong people, over-relied on his own faith in humanity, and had a bit too much bravado for his own good. Unfortunately, it cost him his life for crimes he didn't actually commit.This is a relentlessly fascinating, detailed and accessible book. Highly recommended.
I love a good fright as well as I am sure a lot of others out there as well. Heck I even like a good slasher fick as well but this is not what this review is about. There are Great ways to do a Horror/Sci Fi Show and then there is this series which is most cerainly not. Yes all of these series will have some kind of cheese factor, cliches, and over acting and this FT13TS sad to say had way too much. The sign of a great series is if can be believable and frightening with out having to go to the gore / gross out factor- it is called using the imagination (remember Hitchcock..anyone??) which this series tried to do but failed on so many levels. Running thru the forrest with a tea cup over your head to keep it from the bad guy, or taking a white glove ( ooohhh...dont let him touch you!!) away from a faith healer or even taking a muppet like talking doll away from a little girl episode. ( even Chucky would hate this one!!) Dont even get started on the vampire episode which is so lame it is truly sad and their theory on just how was dracula written- Dont ask you just might gag. Yes, the the gag reflex is off the charts on this- when something is so bad you double over in agony just wishing it was over. This series is not scary or packs any thrills in any sence of the imagination. This series comes accross as a badly acted comedy. It tries too hard and falls flat. It simply does not deliver the chills or thrills or any thing for that matter. The series had great potential but was destroyed by poor writing, Cheezy story lines (aka lack of imagination), unbeilevably silly situations, really and I mean REALLY bad acting, and the direction was lame as well as the picture quality of this series. Well some will say well this was done in the Mid 1980's and didnt have much to work with and My reply will be well then if you want to see how a really good series is done all you have to do is to go back into the late 60's and 1970's -years before this disaster was made and see two of the most influential series ( thet eventually inspired shows like Tales From the Crypt, Buffy, Angel, Charmed and a few others) those shows were Dark Shadows and The Night Stalker (No not the new one - they butchered that one as well) These series were told in 45 min or less (except for the movies) they had a great formula, story writing/lines, acting, atmosphers, great music, again no gore/ gross out needed. You set the situation up right with atmosphere, great story telling, supurb music, acting , direction and use of camera angles and set up- add some cheese factor and cliches and what you get was a great laugh followed by a truly thrilling & chilling jump out of your seat experience. Evey thing that FT13TS lacks on every level. It was so painful to watch I could just get to the middle of the first season before I had to turn it off. I truly could not pick one good episode from the bunch- not one. I truly am suprised by the "rave" reviews this recieved. Maybe for Nostalgia sake , but that cant even save the series. I grew up with all of these series and remember this being on TV so when I saw this come out and the reviews I thought well lets give it a try- in what should have been a fun blast truned into a real disappointment, unbearable to watch & a even quicker trip to trade it in. With "older series like that were released like- Night Gallery, Twilight Zone, Dark Shadows, Night Stalker etc- when they came out on dvd the picture and sound was sharp , crisp and well done. Who ever got hold of this sad series to begin with didnt even bother to clean it up which just adds to the complete disaster that it already is. The idea was there- but it simply didnt have anything going for it poorly executed in every way. What could have been great just ends up like a big wet thud. If you like way over the top poorly acted, scripted and way too cheezy (like Ed Wood movies) you may want to take a peek at this. Other wise if you are looking for a reasonably intelligent and classic series like the ones previously mentioned-you definately want to stay far away from this or you will be looking to off load this dvd at a trade in store with in a week you start watching it. There are just some things that should remain buried and Friday the 13th The Series is sure one of them. Ugh! What a mess.
The starting of this book was slow but the speed increased as I went deeper into the book. This is truly another work of art by Wilbur Smith and I give it a lot of credit.Harry Fletcher was definitely my kind of a character and the other characters were definitely up to speed.
I've submitted a photo as proof of the incredibly bad experience I had with Contech. I received this product in the mail with great hopes that it would solve my cat-on-furniture problem. I unpacked it, only to find a strange collection of items: two heads and an air can in official looking packaging, but both heads with the clear label "DEFECTIVE." On further investigation I found a letter written by the customer who had actually sent these back! He was quite irate because after multiple attempts to receive a working product he had been sent two defective replacement heads by Contech, and Amazon would not allow him to return the product for a refund because it contained "dangerous" canned air. I immediately called Contech only to be put on an answering service line, on which I left a message. They have yet to return my call.I also submitted a claim to Amazon, who I have far more confidence in. Of course, they still can't take this back because of the canned air (I guess they are afraid I could have tampered with it?), but they are ordering me a replacement. Goodbye to my money-- seems I'm in the same situation as the last guy. I only hope the replacement actually functions.This would have been a one star review, but I have now messed around with one of the spray heads and gotten it to work... at least from some angles. I still can't believe that they didn't send me a new product! If they want to service the defective merchandise and send it back out, there should at least be notification, and a refurb discount. Instead, they actually had the audacity to repack bad product and send it to a new customer complete with an angry return letter. Well at least I know what I got!
Perhaps I was expecting too much given the rich tradition of Russian poetry. But the poets in this anthology seem to have been selected for their dissident credentials more than the quality of their poetry, which is uninspiring and flat.
Complain all you want that endings of fairy tales are always so cheesy- I'll always love this one. This story, which takes place in the desert, pits the "slow but steady" tortoise against the hyper hare one more time, but this time, the hare's foot gets stuck under a boulder. With hungry coyotes around, the tortoise isn't about to let the hare be eaten, and goes back to help her out. Not only do they tie, but they learn important lessons about being friends, a fantastic lesson to impart to eager young readers.The illustrations are beautiful, with borders of desert plants on each text page. This is a picture book I'll never give up.
This is a faithful film adaptation of a very good Nevil Shute novel. (Mr. Shute was the author of &quot;On the Beach&quot; and &quot;A Town Like Alice,&quot; among other fine books.) This is a story of good people, simply trying to live their lives and often finding sanity and - dare I say it? - salvation through hard work, a recurring theme in Mr. Shute's writings. The central character is Theodore Honey, a boffin at the Royal Aircraft Establishment research facility shortly after World War II investigating the rather peculiar - for the time - theory that metal fatigue might cause catastrophic failure in aircraft structures during flight.Stewart's Honey is certainly a boffin, in the traditional British sense. A brilliant but introverted scientist, almost completely wrapped up in his work. His only real contact with society is through his daughter, who he is raising alone since his wife was killed by a German bomb during World War II. The rest of society is a complete puzzlement to Honey, as is Honey to the rest of society. He is only just barely intelligible to the scientific types he works with. Stewart plays the bumbling Honey to the hilt, with a messy house and few social graces. His daughter is much loved, but the audience can see she is starving for more from life than Honey can even imagine her needing. Stewart - and I am not a Stewart fan - makes Honey both believable and likeable, and even potentially lovable. (Part of his success is due to the fact that Honey's foibles as shown in the movie really are funny without being insulting to the character.)So where does the story line come in? Well, Honey's ideas about metal fatigue is actually very important, because he is testing them on the tail section of a new British airliner, the Reindeer, which is already in service flying between Britain and North America. According to Honey's calculations, tail assemblies are going to start falling off these planes after about 1400 hours of flight time. Luckily, the planes are so new in service that this deadline does not appear to be an immediate problem. Except, not so luckily, a few of the early production models used for testing are approaching the fateful 1400 hour limit, and one has already passed that limit and crashed in Canada, with the cause of the crash attributed to &quot;pilot error.&quot;Quite reasonably, Honey is sent across the Atlantic to investigate the Canadian crash. It turns out that he flies off in - what else? - a Reindeer. A Reindeer which he discovers after take off has over 1400 hours of airtime. Suddenly Honey the boffin is thrust into the real world with a vengeance. His attempts to warn the flight crew of the potential danger fail, and his introverted personality encourages him to withdraw from the fight. Yet at the same time his basic humanity draws him to warn and to try saving both a famous movie actress on the same flight, well played by Marlene Dietrich, and a caring stewardess played by Glynis Johns. Honey's honest attraction to these very different people forces him out of his scientific shell to take drastic action to save them and the other passengers and crew.Within the story, we see character exposition and character development not only from Honey, but also by Dietrich and Jones. These later developments are both touching and fully believable. Especially poignant is Dietrich's character, who is drawn to Honey's honesty and commitment, but is literally beaten to the door by the stewardess played by Jones. The Dietrich character's sadness at what she believes is her own rather pointless celluloid life, and her sorrow at losing Honey are truly moving.Strong supporting roles are provided by Jack Hawkins (last seen helping to blow up that Damn bridge on over the River Kwai) and several other fine actors, especially the young Janette Scott who plays Honey's 12 year old daughter Elspeth. Scott's role as a young girl who loves and worships her father, and yet is paying a price for her constrained family life she can not even understand is beautifully done. (One of the best scenes of the movie is where Dietrich's character, about to leave the world of the Honey's for good, asks the stewardess, who is there to stay, to &quot;tell [Elspeth] that she is pretty.&quot;)I know it may seem that I have given a lot away in this review. But be assured, there is a lot more to this movie that I haven't even touched on. For just one example, where else are you going to see real flight footage of the Meteor, the first British jet fighter? And for another example, just how Honey finally manages to save the lives of everyone on that apparently doomed Reindeer is fun, exciting, and empowering, to Honey and to other characters as well.Anyway, If you like people, you will like this movie.
As I have written in other reviews I am Not a reviewer. I just love to read and this is one of my favorite books. I took it on vacation to Disney World when it came out. I read it at least 5 times on vacation. Couldn't tell you how many times since. Along with Welcome To Temptation, they are my favorite Jennifer Crusie books.
Love the sound from this woofer . I purchased this around 2 weeks ago and Amazon got it to me fast ! This is great for the home surround sound and the bass sound is excellent by giving enough bass but yet it wont rattle the windows . It also has the volume control button on the back of woofer and also the on and off switch is on the back which is convient if you have little ones around the house . Nice woofer for the money .
This CD is really poor. Being an obsessed fan, I had to buy this as soon as I saw it, but even for a true fan, it is a great dissapointment. Some of the instrumental portions of the CD are rather good, but clash with the annoying voices of the singers, and they do not work at all together. Trent's voice seems the only one appropiate to sing his songs, but in order to still enjoy and respect NIN as much as you do, avoid listening to this ablum at all costs.
I am a Jackie Collins fan and just embarked on a reading frenzy. I have ordered a lot of Jackie Collins' books and just completed two which I loved dearly. However, I am having a hard time reading this one. This has got to be the worst of Jackie. Save this for when you have nothing at all to do and even then --you will find the time to do something else. Not worth it.
This might be a pleasing read-along for the casual collector. Rogan provides short blurbs for each song, including a little background information on each, and quotes from (unsourced) interviews. Many Neil Young fans could write this book in a weekend alone with a stereo and a pot of coffee.As a "Guide" though, this book is not "Complete". Neil Young has a few unreleased albums (like "Chrome Dreams", which went as far as an acetate) and unrecorded tunes (like "No One Seems To Know"). Rogan's book doesn't cover these. Heavyweight collectors will also be dissatisfied with lack of information on various releases. Not to mention, if I may be so gauche, bootlegs.And realisticly you can buy a dozen record guides (and read dozens more online) that include writeups of Young's available albums.
As indicated by another reviewer, this movie only tells of what happened before the battle of Stalingrad. If you are looking for a movie on the Battle itself, don't spend the cash on this one.
When I first discovered the music of Liquid Mind I fell in love with it. There is no " beat " to this music, only tranquility. I have a Bose unit with a 6 CD changer and I have all 6 sections filled with Liquid Mind cd's.When I am at home alone, when friends come by or during dinner I have the atmosphere of mystic relaxation due to the music contained within this CD.
"Last Chance Harvey" is a film about late middle aged love, aimed squarely at middle aged audiences. It could easily have sunk to being just another slice of "Lifetime" channel style "movies for women" dreck, but the film is redeemed completely by the superior performances of the two "overcast" -- as in "over qualified" lead actors -- Dustin Hoffman and Emma Thompson. It is sweet, poignant, moving and wryly funny, as the film makers surely intended. But this all comes off well, and the supporting cast and locations all add to the feel of a definitely upscale example of the genre.
Strom Thurmond is a very complex and contradictory man indeed. He at first want to help black people to progress, but later, he denounced them as being opportunists and subversives who push their way into white institutions. He then condemn "miscegenation" yet practiced it. His daughter, Essie Mae, is the clearest proof. He has a madonna/magalen complex when it comes to women in his life. He married "good, virginal" white women and have women such as Carrie Butler and Susan Logue as mistresses or concubines. He once opposed the nomination of Thurgood Marshall to the Supreme Court. Twenty plus years later, he embraced and supported Clarence Thomas and condemned Anita Hill as a liar.This is an interesting book to read if you really want to know who Strom Thurmond really is all about.
A hoax and a ripoff. If you are really interested, get it from the library. DO NOT put money into this charlatan's pockets!
I have to say first of all, I don't have any Aled Jones album but I know him for a song he sung with Mike Oldfield when he was a child, 'Pictures in the Dark'. I believe it was wonderful and gave a very original vibe to the song along with Norwegian singer, Anita Hegerland.I have to add I've heard a bit of the audio tracks and specially the version of Enya's 'Marble Halls' captured my sensibility.This singer has a great taste and I'll take any chance of holding a CD from him.
Others have commented on their failings with this book. I'll add mine: layout and fonts. In theory, you'd expect a two-column layout with text on one side, and code on the other, to better visually present information than traditional textbooks. The reality, however, is snippet-heavy examples, because of insufficient space in the book to see the code. The abundance of different font sizes and colors used in code and the text less result in clarity than the Los Angeles freeway. When later using the book for reference, I had a more difficult time than I should have skimming the busy pages for information. I've since found another XML to review information from, which obviously means I don't recommend this book.
I am very happy with this chair. I ordered three to keep handy on my smallish patio. I am going to keep them folded and ready to go off to the side so that I can keep most of the patio nice and open, but when we have larger groups for dinner, I can quickly make room for everyone. I am back to order the matching table.
This is a very good and informative book!There is plenty of introductory material for the beginning student (i.e. becoming acquainted with the Dieties, choosing a magical Name, compiling a personal Book of Shadows, learning how to use magical tools). The section on creating your own Book of Shadows is extremely valuable and informative. RavenWolf goes into precise detail on how to build and organize your own Book, including a large list of very specific sections that one may want to include (i.e. &quot;Astrological Correspondences&quot;, &quot;Dowsing Research&quot;, &quot;Ethics&quot;, &quot;Gem Research&quot;, etc...)There is also a good deal of information for the more advanced student who may wish to become part of a larger group and/or become involved in public activities as a pagan representative. RavenWolf's sections on Ethics, Conflict Resolution, and how to protect yourself from magical or psychic attack can still be useful to a long-standing practioner of the Craft.Written with insight and a good deal of dry humor, this book is very highly recommended.
Celtic Frost disowned this album for a reason: it's just so ridiculously GOOD, it makes all their other albums look bad. I swear, tracking them up to this point is like ape evolving into man. Or, ape and man merely sharing similar ancestry and then getting hopelessly misinterpreted by creationists, whichever. It doesn't matter. What matters is this GREAT ALBUM. The complex, yearning melodies and haunting ambience. The thought-provoking and confessional lyrics. They probably are, anyway. I can't find the lyrics to "Dance Sleazy" anywhere on the internet but it seems like some really deep stuff. The vocals are literally exploding with pathos, so keep a safe distance from the CD. He sounds like a ninja turtle in emotional pain. My ten desert island discs would just be ten copies of Cold Lake. Make this your first Celtic Frost album.
I heard all the hype about this rapper, and thank god i got the cd for FREE from BMG music club... cuase it def. AIN'T WORTH WHAT IT'S SELLING FOR IN THE STORES!! I wouldn't pay more then $5 for this cd... yes, it sux that bad!! You'd be better off taping the songs off the radio, like "My Hood" and "Soul Survivor", "Air Forces", "Bang", "Trap or Die."The only good song on this cd is "Soul Survivor" w/ Akon. Akon is the only reason i wanted this cd. I gave it a few listens, and i'm sorry i wasted my time w/ it. as Public Enemy says, "Don't Believe The Hype". This rapper just ain't worth it.. He makes Paul Wall's album look good, and D4L's too. (See my reviews on them..). I mean, at least on those artist's cd's, there was more then 1 song i liked, but here, the only one i liked was "Soul Survivor", and "Trap or Die" for the bg melody only, not the rhymes. "Air Forces" isn't bad, but it reminds me of Nelly's "Air Force One's" song too much.Let me tell you what this cd lyrically consists of if you want to know. It's simply put in 2 words: "yeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh", and "ay" (or "eh"). That's all you hear in every single damn song, are Jeezy saying those words thru out every song: intro, middle and end of each song.. It's comparable to Lil Jon cd's where he says: "What?!?", "Yeaah!", and "Oooohkaaay!" alot. If you're looking for a cd of samples of "Yeah" and "Ay", then buy it. But if you're looking to hear good rap and good music, DON'T BUY IT! BUYERS BEWARE of this one. I'd like to see his 2nd cd, if he ever has one, if he doesn't become a one hit wonder first. I'd give a listen to a 2nd cd if he comes out w/ one, just to see if it's any better. This cd really sux, and i'm just glad i got it for FREE cuase i'm selling this stupid sh** to do a trade for something else.Akon is the only guy on here that makes this cd worth it to buy.. Too bad he's only featured on 1 song.
I've been a user of Montana based Op/Tech's line of fast caps since I picked them at a trade show a few years ago. The overall quality of their gear speaks volumes. I picked up this 67mm Fast Cap to protect my Nikkor 18-105mm lens. Just like their other caps its gone the distance and protected my camera lens well.The cover easily attaches and stays on without any slippage. Unlike the flimsy, cheap glue based string systems, I don't have to worry about the hinged Fast Cap falling off. It covers the bases in protecting my lens from both dust and scratches. The seal is pretty much water tight too. Most photographs that I've seen of this product seem to depict this product in a lighter color. Its black and is available in other sizes ranging from 49mm, 52mm, 55mm, 58mm to 62mm.For me, these Op/Tech lens caps are durable and cost effective tools. I've not had any problems with them since I made the switch. They are built to last. That's good enough for me.
Vamos a ver...partiendo de la base de que la mitad del libro es un viaje interior de Cate, la cosa se tuerce.La se&ntilde;ora Howard nos tiene acostumbradas - para bien o para mal - a toda una serie de libros berrakos, en los cuales la pasi&oacute;n se desborda en cada una de sus p&aacute;ginas.En cambio en este libro nos muestra un personaje atipico. El &uacute;nico protagonista de la novela es Cate.. es ella !! en ningun momento sabes c&oacute;mo piensa Calvin.. nada. Hay unos 3 o 4 besos en todo el libro, cosa que a m&iacute; personalmente me ha afectado.Cierto es que la trama de suspense est&aacute; perfectamente llevada pero cojea en los personajes principales para luego dejar caer un final demasiado acelerado para mi gusto.Adem&aacute;s, Calvin es un hombre del cual no sabes nada ni cuando empieza el libro ni cuando lo acabas. Como es ?? qu&eacute; piensa ?? qu&eacute; hace ?? sin informaci&oacute;n. y ella se enamora de &eacute;l por verle sostener una escopeta de caza cuando nunca le hab&iacute;a echado dos miradas ?!?!?!? VAMOS !!!!! eso es poco cre&iacute;ble.. y pasa a mitad del libroReitero que es una novela de misterio y no de romance. Si la compras pensando que es de romantica pues creo que no has acertado, si la compras pensando que es de intriga... te felicito, disfrutar&aacute;s.Donde est&aacute; la Howard de toda la vida ??
Voy a escribir un poco en espa&ntilde;ol y luego en ingl&eacute;s, la lista de nuestras favoritas esta mas abajito. Mi mam&aacute; queria ambos CDs de Nelson Ned y los compramos, (aunque yo no soy una fiel fan&aacute;tica de Nelson Ned) a las dos nos encant&oacute; la coleccion de m&uacute;sica que verdaderamente no tiene &eacute;poca, es definitivamente para los enamorados o para qui&eacute;n quiera recordar un viejo amor.Although I can't say I am a fan of Nelson Ned, my mother loves his music. So she asked for these CDs (Vol 1 and 2) some time ago. As my mother listened to the music sometimes I started to realize how much heart and meaning there is into most of all the songs. Songs like:1. &iquest;Qui&eacute;n Eres T&uacute;?2. Todo Pasar&aacute; (This was a hit when I was a child)4. Si Las Flores Pudieran Hablar7. Tus Ojos Casta&ntilde;os8. Happy Birthday My Darling9. Contigo Aprend&iacute;10. Mi Sangre LatinaAre definitely the best songs in this album. I think you don't necessarily need to understand the lyrics to appreciate how beautiful they sound, almost angelic and anthemic. If you like music from artists like Sandro, Emmanuel, Ana Gabriel, Juan Gabriel, Yuri, Lissette, Angela Carrasco and Camilo Sesto (and other figures from the past and present in spanish music) these 2 compilations from Nelson Ned shouldn't be missing from your collection. He is an icon in spanish music from the 70's and 80's.
To those not familliar with Mario party:Mario party is a turn based board game, with 4 players collecting coins to buy stars, to win the game. This is the basic objective of the game where the most stars wins, however items (or in this case orbs) can be brought and used to sabotage other peoples chances of winning whether it be a space that sets you on fire when you pass it, costing you ten coins, or a smug goomba who declares you must pay another player the number on the dice roll.After everyone has had a turn moving, a mini game is played after every turn. The minigames on mario party 6 are exceptionally fun and take the form of 1v3 2v2 0r 1v1v1v1, meaning players may be teaming up or all out fighting for the prize of 10 coins ( a star costs 20 coins). A personal fave was 'Snow Brawl' a 1v3 mini game which is basically a snow fight with 'shy guys' helping out the person on their own.The controls for these minigames are usually quite easy and the instructions are very clear, with advice given. Beware of computers though, in this version of mario party they are very clever and competitive.In conclusion i would say that if you could rent or even buy cheaply, an early version of mario party, then this would give you a feel of whether you can put up with this different version of gameplay. Just remember that mario party 6 is a lot more involving and the minigames are much better than earlier games.Also included: Orbs (each has a different effect, some are used on you, other are traps placed on 'character spaces' for other people to land on)Miracle spacesDuel Spaces? Spaces (where random things happen)For those that know Mario party, i dont think much has changed, more orbs that dont affect the person who uses them, more minigames, and according to my friends, Mario party 6 has the better ones too.All in All this makes this an essential purchase, not only for fun gameplay but a good solo mode and other extras that gives this game a long lifespan.
This video is awesome. It has a great theme song that my son (almost 3) loves to sing- everywhere, and it is played periodically throughout the video. The video is great for toddlers to young child (full of interesting facts and trivia), and is full of live action clips of different trucks, including the largest dump trucks used at mines, and has short informative interviews (these are very short, and are while the person is doing something, like driving a truck. There is actually a nice little interview with a female driver who comments on people being surprised women can drive the trucks). I would definitely recommend this video for any little one who loves trucks.
As Abraham Rabinovich, author of The Yom Kippur War: The Epic Encounter That Transformed the Middle East, said: It is easy to be annoyed at this flawed attempt at a comprehensive account of the Six-Day war. But the book does carry the reader along and can serve as an introduction for those unfamiliar with that landmark event and, also, as a reminder for those who have forgotten.The absence of a preface in which Bowen, a BBC journalist, should have spelled out what he was attempting to achieve and how he intended to go about it is an immediate warning of a lack of weightiness. Another sign is the absence of maps, except for two unhelpful regional maps.To his credit, Bowen appears to have read dozens of the books written on the war, including the most recent, as well as relevant government archives, particularly of the United States and United Kingdom. He has also interviewed military and civilian personnel on both sides although he does not indicate how many. But his account remains that of a journalist making notes from the sidelines, not of a researcher who has immersed himself in the heart of the matter, who can make informed assessments, and has original insights to offer. He misses central elements in the story, such as the fascinating objections in the Israeli cabinet to the capture of Jerusalem's Old City-and the Western Wall-by ministers from the National Religious Party, who maintained that it was too politically and ideologically hot to handle; this from a party that would soon after spearhead Israeli settlement efforts.The battle descriptions are incomprehensible, and Bowen, in searching for the illuminating detail or pregnant quote, more often ends up with banality and schmaltz. Nevertheless, there are interesting glimpses of the players, particularly in the Egyptian camp. Bowen's description of how Egypt and the Arab world worked their way up with ever expanding rhetoric into war fever despite their near-total lack of preparation remains, even four decades later, an astonishment.Abraham Rabinovichauthor of The Yom Kippur War:The Epic Encounter That Transformed the Middle East
adds elegance to your bath decor. don't use the Croscill tension rod sold at JCPenney; these hooks won't slide over the center connector and that will be a pain in your a$$.
PROS : Sleek and trendy. Fits well into pants pockets without adding a bulge to your side. Good quality camera for a phone. All the features are easily accessible. Excellent sound quality. This is the first phone I have ever had that has an effective voice dial system and predictive text writing feature for text messages. Excellent reception (with T-Mobile). Large memory capacity. Easily attached via USB to computers (you can transfer ringtones, pictures, etc.). Lots of accessories have been made for this phone and they are easy to purchase.CONS : The screen is not easy to see when you are in the sun. My battery life seemed to get shorter quickly. The manual doesn't cover much.
This sink came installed in my new home. I was here at Amazon looking for a replacement. This sink was broken with only 2 years of moderate use. It failed where the faucet attaches to the sink. The sink has broken completely and the faucet is hanging in the holes. This sink was professionally installed. It turns out the material the sink is made from is 1/16" plastic.While the drain area was a nice feature (I kept a scrub brush there) a better feature would be a sink that doesn't break. Unless you want to be shopping for another sink in a few years or enjoy either paying a plumber or installing sinks yourself, I'd pass on this sink and get something more substantial.
MSAA is hilarious. Everything in pop culture is fair game to be parodied in this show , everything from various types of anime to video games to films to Hollywood in general. Even the dub voices are a parody , the characters are from the south of Japan so they are given the drawl accent of the American south. Some of the episodes are pure comic genius , others fall a little short but are still good . Its hard to pick out my favorite parts , but I really enjoyed the Bruce Lee spoof and the snippet of The Terminator . There's so much here it's hard to take it all in with just one viewing and with all the humor thrown at you there's also a nice story there also.So if you like off the wall humor you should really check out this show, you probably won't be disappointed.
I got a copy of Pro Tools LE with my Mbox about a year and a half ago. I installed it but never really loaded it as I found the interface very confusing (I am not a pro audio person by any means). One day I up and decided to take some time and learn Pro Tools and I came across this book as it seemed to be the "definitive title" on the subject.If you're the step-by-step type this book's is definitely for you. If not, you may not like this book at all. Keane takes you step by (sometimes grueling) step on how to precisely use Pro Tools.Warning: It does get mind-numbing at times. For example, you'll see things like: "Step 23: Copy the F chord from bar 12|1|0 to bar 12|1|720 on guitar region 1. Step 24: Paste the copied F chord to guitar region 2 at 24|2|1." It may look easy, but if you lose focus you can really get lost at times and end up with a track not following the author's prescription.Regardless, if you take the time to do the exercises in this book you *will* learn your way around Pro Tools. Keane does not teach you how to mix, because that's a whole other subject, but he does teach the ins and outs of Pro Tools in a light, fun to follow manner.Now I am adept enough at Pro Tools to inflict my horrible music upon the world. At least now I have enough skills to cut and paste my way out of my lack of talent :)
We moved into a new home last year that had a fairly small family room (18'x16' or so). My wife didn't want a big box subwoofer in the room, so I was forced to look for alternate solutions. I came across this SubStage online. Even though it was more money than I wanted to spend, the company was well-respected and the size was perfect for our room. So I went ahead and purchased it.We have it standing straight up on its side behind our entertainment center. I turned up the phase level, and turned on the dB boost. We are happy with its performance overall, in most situations. The sub provides solid booming lows, for both movies and music. I use it in combination with a PS3 Blu-Ray player and an Onkyo 605 receiver. The speakers are from Orb Audio.We watch a lot of Blu-rays and the sub sounds great. The only time I have problems is when there's a series of loud explosions or bombs in the movie. At this point, the sub will rattle and not sound very good. But most of the time this is not an issue. The sub also sounds good with XM Radio, including the hip hop stations.If you're looking to hide or conceal a sub that still has good power and performance, the SubStage is a sound purchase.
And I loved it. I am a sucker for Merlin, and in this series his and Ninian's girls have been sent to the mortal world to be raised among mortals to keep them safe. The girls learn about their history and find their one true loves, only to have to fight a growing evil. I still have this series and probably won't ever sell it. I have recently read them again and I still like them.
The current Timeout 2004 guide for Washington, DC has really good coverage of DC art galleries; in fact it is the only DC guide that offers any decent "guiding" to Washington area galleries.It is written by Jessica Dawson, who also pens the "Galleries" column for the Washington Post.She has a good introduction and even lists her favorites for 2004 under "Names of the Game."Jessica nails it when she recognizes in her intro that a new "optimism" is kindling a really good art scene in the Washington, DC region.Unfortunately, throughout the pages dedicated to the galleries, and as it is to be expected, there are quite a few comparisons to New York this, New York that all over the place.And reading through Jessica's descriptions of the various galleries also offers an honest and rare insight as to how this critic evaluates and views (she seems to have something about "safe art," whatever that is) most of the Greater Washington, DC region's art galleries. For example Dawson praises Zenith Gallery's Margery Goldberg for her "tireless activism," but describes the gallery as "while influential in the neon art scene, consistently shows mediocre painting and craft."Addison/Ripley is praised for selling "high-calibre paintings, photography and prints," but "their selections, while lovely, are awfully safe."Cheryl Numark is "Washington's power dealer", while Leigh Conner shows work by the "kind of cutting-edge artists that Washingtonians usually travel to New York to see."MOCA is "DC's answer to the hip, alternative galleries of New York."Fraser Gallery (which I co-own) "concentrates on photography, but occasionally shows innovative sculpture and work in other media," while our Bethesda outpost is a "bright, glass-walled gallery [that] exhibits realist painting and photography."Hemphill Fine Arts "plays host to many of Washington's strongest artists," but "the art here tends towards the decorative."Fusebox is "sharp and savvy," and has "raised the bar for visual art in Washington," and their openings are "events to see and be seen at."Anyway... Bravo Timeout!
We actually bought this as a gift for a friend, and were kind of disappointed when we saw it set up. The only neat thing is that there is the ABC mat, but it wasn't really impressive enough to improve the rest of the set. Ok, it's cute that there are 26 animals in the set to cover the alphabet... but there is only a cave, a tree and a waterfall... where is everyone going to live?! These sets have always encouraged imaginative play - it's kind of a drag that there aren't homes for everyone included in this set. There is room in the three mentioned places for only certain animals, then the rest are just in limbo. It was kind of sad. The set is also not as nice as the previous zoo (which was so nice, great sound effects, perfect size, nice add ons). It has a cheap feel to it - the seam on the lion's den was poorly melded together, and it's light and dinky, not sturdy like previous sets. The mat is a wrinkly mess, and the fences are cheap and few. I would definately never buy it again. For $40, I expected a mini Bronx Zoo I guess!
I adored Ella Minnow Pea. It was witty, well-paced, inventive, funny and endearing. It is rare that a comic novel packs such a serious message.Ibid., the story of three-legged Jonathan Bleshette, carried solely through "endnotes" because the manuscript was lost in a bathtub, is another self-conscious attempt by Dunn to reinvent the novel. I would like to think that he succeeded, and indeed about 20 pages into the book I thought he'd succeeded admirably.Unfortunately, as the book goes on, it seems more and more like a one-note piano. Bleshette is, again quite consciously, like Zelig (or the uncredited Forrest Gump); he meets numerous famous people in his life, often in unusual ways. There is a constant theme of the women in his life meeting their end in Boston, until his great love, the prostitute Great Jane, breaks the "Boston curse". But so what. Despite his ability as a novelist to invent any source he wants, from transcripts of conversations to the notes Bleshette and the future Rudolph Valentino scribbled for stage names for the latter and a deodorant brand for the former, Dunn fails to make either Bleshette or the other characters come alive. The last two-thirds of the novel are rather boring, and little comes of the possibilities that the first bits promised.Great Jane, for instance, seems at first to have possibilities, and although she ends up as Lady Jane, and tries to save prostitutes from that life, we never get to know her much, or see her plying her trade. The various hangers-on at the deodorant factory have fewer possibilities (the running joke of "she's the one" "no, she's not" is okay but gets tiresome) and Jonathan's relatives seem to come and go without much purpose, the only exception being his father who comes to learn Yiddish after spending his whole life in Arkansas before Jonathan moved him to New York.But the real problem is the possibilities for Jonathan himself that are not explored in sufficient detail. You'd think a man with three legs would have a set of interesting encounters with tailors; nope. Jonathan goes to war; how were his uniforms made? Can he use three legs as a tripod and hold a machine gun better? No idea. Are there rules to sports that can be gotten around if you have three legs (e.g., catching a football in-bounds)? A possibility not exploited.The endnote thing is similarly unexploited. If you read endnotes (and I do) one thing you notice is a lot of vituperativeness toward prior biographers. Dunn creates the prior biography ("Three Legs, One Heart") but doesn't take it far enough. Give us a diatribe, Mark, something totally outlandish. Pick on the guy's commas or something, or a perpetual misspelling with endless "sic's".I'm glad we have authors like Dunn who experiment with the novel; this one just didn't work. At the end he notes his admiration for Woody Allen, and one wonders if he's a fan of the later, unfunny films. This book is a lot like them. A great premise with too few jokes and not enough character.
Firs, the book has quite a few mistakes in formulas and solutions. It may teach you a few basis things about matrixes (addition, subtraction, multiplication), but in don't explain any meaning of these operations. There is no geometric or any other interpretation of anything. It already assumes you know what vectors are ?????? It mentions material in the beginning of the book that is explained at the end of it. Definitely not enough solved examples. At the end of each chapter it has a quiz that supposed to have solutions at the end of the book, but only 1/2 of the excesses ( the easier ones) have solutions. for the other have the author rudely tells you to follow the path of some other exercise. I find it unacceptable laziness on his part. I know what I need to follow, but I also need to know the answer so I can check myself and see if I followed it correctly. Don't buy it.
They are comfortable, sound great, stay in when running....after going through several more expensive sets of headphones, these are keepers.
I have bought every edition of this book, and each edition is dogeared from use. Almost everything you wanted to know about movies, actors, and people behind the scenes is here. Most of the biographies are detailed with either complete filmographies or lists of most notable films. There are few inaccuracies in this book.Individual movies are not listed, of course, or else this book would run at least two or three times larger. Still, this is one of the best, if not THE best, reference book on film available.
This ISNT Joseph. I am his oldest daughter.After listening to the clips of the CD that amazon provides, i thought, I NEED TO GET THIS CD. I loved the songs and I take offense at the people that think you have to be a "mindless preteen" to enjoy this (i am over 13). They also say that this is not REAL MUSIC. Well, most of the punk rock bands out here DO NOT produce REAL music: it's basically yelling.But back to the point. Dream Street is not only for "mindless preteens". It is for anyone who loves pop or loves different types of music. Their voices maybe not have hit puberty yet, but they still sound good. And their harmony is pretty good. My favorite song is "Gotta Get The Girl". It has an enjoyable tune and it makes you wanna hear it again and again (trust me, i have listened to the clip of this whole CD a thousand times.)In conclusion i reccommend Dream Street to anyone who loves Pop Music, or cute guys that can sing and dance (lol).
To get the most enjoyment from this beautiful book, buy the original Katherine Woods translation.
So is this a full blown movement now? Super pessimistic and dark movies where the heroes and villains are equally corrupt, where things end badly, and the viewer is left feeling like they've just watched their dog get shot? We can call it New American Pessimism. In the grand tradition of last year's critical darlings There Will Be Blood and No Country for Old Men, we have The Dark Knight.I won't summarize the plot, one because there is a ton of plot, and two because there are countless reviews where you can read it for yourself. The Dark Knight is a well made and polished movie that has some weighty themes and some very good acting. Yet somehow, for all of the superlatives lavished on it, it leaves me a bit cold. On paper, this is the Batman I've always hoped for. I prefer Frank Miller's or Allan Moore's take, and this movie is a bit of both. We get the non-stop action and brooding psychology of Miller's Batman, and the next level psychosis of Moore's Joker. So what's not to love?There is a ton to love about The Dark Knight. First off, Heath Ledger owns this movie. His Joker is much different than any other screen portrayal and his distinctive look and characteristics make his the definitive version. It's like he channeled Moore's Killing Joke Joker, M's Peter Lorre's shuffling and ticks, and A Clockwork Orange's Malcom McDowell's bemused contempt for humanity in to one monster of a villain. His look is also fantastic. The broken makeup, the stringy hair, and the Glasgow Smile give me the creeps. Ledger's Joker is completely impenetrable. He's completely amoral, seemingly has no past, and all he seems to care about is causing chaos. In Alfred's words, "some people just want to watch the world burn." He's the perfect embodiment of the assertion that Batman and The Joker are two sides of the same coin. Ledger expresses this in several disturbing speeches, about how they're both the same, how they're both excellent at what they do, and how they're destined to meet again and again because neither will back down or compromise in the slightest. I've always wanted this to be explored in film, and at least from the Joker's side of things, I'm more than pleased.On the Batman side however, I'm slightly disappointed. It's not that Christian Bale did a poor job, it's just they packed so much in to it that Batman's perspective on his relationship to the Joker seemed hurried and undeveloped. He mused briefly about what he must become to stop the Joker, and thinks about quitting for about 10 minutes, and then he's off to do some death defying action sequences. To me, it seems like another movie was planned where Batman's side was more the focus instead of the Joker's, but because of Ledger's untimely death they decided to give Batman some token philosophical musings. Plus his voice was just painful. Tone your growl down a bit for the next movie Christian.And that's a big problem in this movie, it's very overstuffed. It's very long, and a very long movie has no right to be that crammed full of stuff. Some of the plot points seemed to go by in a blur, and I admit that I sort of glossed over some of them. But to it's credit, it does a heck of a lot better cramming in everything and the kitchen sink better than Spiderman 3, which felt corny and undeveloped. I think the movie would have been more enjoyable if it was scaled back a bit.The supporting actors were mostly good. Aaron Eckhart was a lot better than expected as Harvey Dent, Gary Oldmann, who's always good really, played James Gordon very well again, and Michael Caine did well with the little he had to work with. Maggie Gyllenhall is getting a bunch of flack, and it seems mainly because of her looks, but she was miles better than Katie Holmes. The action was generally well shot, but kind of chaotic. Again, it suffered a bit from having a too much going on. The opening sequence, with its direct references to Heat was amazing though.What I'm trying to understand is the purpose of the grim world view in movies like The Dark Knight and No Country for Old Men. Is it some attempt to articulate some great anxiety about the world we live in? You could always counter that it's just a movie, and just a comic book movie at that, but surely Christopher Nolan was aiming for art here, not just popcorn entertainment.So why such a bleak world view? My guess is that villains like The Joker and Anton Chigurh are suppose to be symbols for indiscriminate violence and terrorism. They're more forces of nature than actual people. But the Joker isn't a terrorist with any specific political goals like a real world terrorist. He's more like mad scientist, arranging things just to see what happens, so the terror is the means and the end. But he's also portrayed as the criminal pushing back at the pressure Batman pushed on him, so in some ways Batman is responsible for The Joker. It's been said before than America is responsible for the threat of terrorism that it's under, so maybe this is commentary on America's "vigilantism" in the world.Anyway, The Dark Knight is definitely a fine film that deserves to be seen, especially for Ledger's iconic portrayal of The Joker.
This cd is a true rock achievement. Granted it takes a while to really &quot;get it.&quot; His harmonies and choruses are not immediately accesible, but after a few spins, a discerning listener will begin to spot the amazing talent that Robbie Robertson has. He has put together one for the ages, which to me never gets old.His eponymous cd may be even better, but you can start here with no fears.
Usually movies that are morally ambiguous do not appeal to me. Happy endings and clear cut morals are the reasons I watch movies.In No Man's Land, however, the moral is that there are no morals and we should not rush to make moral distinctions. The movie is a critique of the foreign policy of NATO/U.S. based on a single incident.Two Bosnians are trapped between Serb-Bosnian lines while on a patrol in heavy fogg. One is grieviously wounded (and presumed dead) and when two Serbs show up the unwounded Bosnian hides while the Serbs booby-trap the wounded man with a landmine. The remaining Bosnian kills one Serb and wounds the other.Predictably, the Bosnian and the Serb trade accusations over who started the war and the answer invariably lies with the disarmed soldier. Alternately, they are bitter enemies and reluctant adversaries.When a do-gooding French Sergeant comes to the rescue, he learns that the answer to ending the conflict between the two men is not as simple as he initially believed.The allegory is that when the great powers intervene, they must recognize the intractability of ethnic conflict and that the moral high ground generally lies with whomever can say: "Because I have the gun."
Talk about a media bias--Franken's book shot to number one like a rocket and responds to the mass swelling of anger towards the repressive, greedy politics of Bush and the right, yet why weren't any of these points being discussed in the mainstream media before? Well I suppose they are beholden to their corporate sponsors, so what are you gonna do? I suggest reading this book.
I travel for a living so having the right bag was very important. I had a very expensive ($400) computer bag but in the end, it didn't last nearly as long as I thought.I purchased this bag about a year ago. To this day, this laptop bag has held its shape and has taken a lot of travel abuse. It still looks in a new condition and has lots of pockets/storage zippers for files etc etc.I can't believe it is now around $100. When I bought it, it was around $70. I should have bought another one at that time.I strongly recommend it. It is built solid. The wheels, which are generally the first thing that goes bad, still holding strong. Every 90 or so days, I spray the wheel bearings with WD-40 lubricant. Other than that, its pretty much maintenance free. Its lightweight and stores fine in the overhead storages of the plane as well as under the seat of the plane.
I had a hard time figuring out what is in this collection, I just ordered it and havent watched yet but afer some research it looks likeSci-Fi Collector's SetRADAR MEN FROM THE MOONEpisodes 1-12This sci-fi action thriller highlights government agent Commando Cody (George Wallace) who is sent to determine the origin of a sequence of unwarranted nuclear blasts that are an imminent danger to earth. Cody quickly learns that Retik (Roy Barcroft), the moon's leader, is the mastermind behind a plot to invade earth, due to his planet's atmosphere deficiency. The malevolent leader enlists the help of his minion, Krog (Peter Brocco), to do his bidding--waging an underhanded war with earth. But what Retik doesn't know, is that Cody has a few tricks up his sleeve of his own.THE GIANT GILA MONSTERAnother creation hailing from the great state of Texas, The Giant Gila Monster tells the story of a mammoth Gila Monster that terrorizes an unsuspecting town much in the same way that Godzilla did--by stomping through the city streets, crushing buildings and automobiles, knocking things over, and killing at will. When a local sports car aficionado's kid sister is nearly slain by the giant menace, he decides to take matters into his own hands and stop the monster from wreaking any more havoc.THE AMAZING TRANSPARENT MANAn invisible man uses his transparent state to his advantage--robbing banks. Douglas Kennedy, with Marguerite Chapman as his mischief-making girlfriend, plays the transparent man. This sci-fi action thriller was filmed in Dallas at the Texas State Fairgrounds in 1960.ALIENS FROM SPACEA group of extraterrestrials determined to take over Earth and make it their new home, station themselves in a canyon and set about their task. They begin with nuclear scientist Doug Martin (Peter Graves) by way of mind control and force him to engage in acts of spying and sabotage. When it dawns upon the scientist what is happening, he attempts to warn others but without success. Martin, in an act of heroism, swears to take the aliens out, regardless of the price he has to pay--even if it means his own life.THE PHANTOM FROM 10,000 LEAGUESAfter a succession of puzzling deaths occur along the coast, Dr. Ted Stevens (Kent Taylor), a scientist, and detective William Grant (Rodney Bell), dispatched by the government, attempt to uncover who or what is responsible. But when the victims and their property betray evidence of radiation exposure, Grant begins to suspect that the Pacific College of Oceanography is involved. His suspicions are virtually confirmed when he discovers an associate of the college pacing the shore with a spear gun in hand. They then discover the trail of radiation spills from an unknown origin at the ocean's bottom, which the investigators fear is a monstrous sea beast that haunts the beach in search of prey.THE BRAIN THAT WOULDN'T DIEIn this 1950's cult classic, Dr. Cortner's (Herb Evers) central interest in medical science could be construed as beneficial to society--but not in an ethical, moralistic capacity. Instead of healing, he is attracted to the reanimation of the dead through electric shock. And when his fianc&eacute;e, Jan Compton (Virginia Leith), is decapitated in an accident that he causes, Dr. Cortner becomes obsessed with the idea of making her whole again. He keeps her head alive in his laboratory, in part, by a serum he has developed. Dr. Cortner searches the streets for an attractive body for Jan, but she begins to resent Bill for not allowing her to perish in the accident. Back at the lab, an embittered Jan begins to plot her revenge...ABRAXAS: GUARDIAN OF THE UNIVERSEAn action sci-fi produced in Canada that tells the story of an intergalactic lawman, Abraxas (Jesse "The Body" Ventura), who travels to Earth on the trail of a malevolent alien who seeks a human female to breed with. All the alien needs to do is impregnate her with a simple touch, making time Abraxas' most precious commodity.THEY CAME FROM BEYOND SPACEAn alien spacecraft has mechanical problems and crashes into the moon. The alien beings aboard cannot complete the repairs themselves, so they use their abilities to control and use a number of scientists as slaves that they manipulate. However, unbeknownst to them, one of the scientists has a metal plate in his head that protects him from their powers. He makes a voyage to the moon in an attempt to communicate with the beings. Once there, he tells them that the people of Earth would help them--all they need to do is ask. The movie is an adaptation of Joseph Millard's The Gods Hate Kansas.FIRST SPACESHIP ON VENUSThe film, partly meant to impart an anti-nuclear message, was first released in Germany under the name The Silent Star, and then in Poland, entitled First Spaceship on Venus. It tells the story of the discovery of a peculiar alien item that leads to a staffed mission to Venus. Once on the planet, the team learns that Venus's populace has been destroyed by a nuclear mistake. The group must then return to Earth and impart this crucial knowledge lest the same mistake be repeated.VOYAGE TO THE PREHISTORIC PLANETWhen a rocket ship containing a crew is sent to Venus, the mission goes horribly wrong and another team is dispatched to the mist enshrouded planet to search for survivors. Once on Venus, the rescue squad comes across unusual animals--such as dinosaurs--and bizarre beings, including a half-lizard, half-man creature that impedes their search.COSMOS: WAR OF THE PLANETSA spacecraft explores a chaotic planet and uncovers a computer that manipulates a secret society.UNKNOWN WORLDDr. Jeremiah Morley believes that in the event of nuclear assault by alien enemies, humankind could settle safe below the Earth's crust. In an effort to test his hypothesis, the scientist designs a device that will allow him and his associates passage deep into the Earth. But when they discover the near perfect grotto to house the human race, they learn that the cavern's atmosphere causes sterility.WAR OF THE ROBOTSAn adventure detailing the exploits of the world's most talented scientists, who are snatched by aliens intending to use them to rescue their doomed planet.THE PHANTOM PLANETAn astronaut is forced to make an emergency landing on a desolate asteroid. His craft is wrecked, and when he inhales the atmosphere he begins to shrink. At the height of a mere six inches, the space explorer stumbles upon a miniature race of beings and joins forces with them to conquer the monsters that eat them.THE DAY THE SKY EXPLODEDIn this sci-fi disaster film, the fate of the world is in jeopardy when a scientific experiment goes horribly awry. Amid the chaos, a team of the world's best and brightest scientists put their heads together in a last-ditch attempt to stop the apocalyptic tragedy before their fate is sealed.PHANTOM FROM SPACEThe setting is Santa Monica, California--a once peaceful community now plagued by fear. It appears that a serial killer is on the loose, but little do the people of Santa Monica know, the murderer is not of this Earth.CREATUREWhen space explorers discover a strange container on Titan, Saturn's largest moon, they release a hideous creature that has been asleep for ages--one that has a penchant for human flesh.THE DISAPPEARANCE OF FLIGHT 412Colonel Moore knows for a fact that two of his jets disappeared while in pursuit of an unidentified flying object. And even though top military officials have stonewalled him, Moore won't stop investigating until the truth has been revealed.WARNING FROM SPACECreepy creatures from space assume human likenesses in order to warn mankind of the horrific danger facing them--the world is on a collision course with another planet, which will cause an impact of such magnitude that death and destruction are imminent.THE INCREDIBLE PETRIFIED WORLDA group of four divers plunge into the ocean depths to explore a collection of air-filled sea caverns. But exploration soon turns to calamity when the oxygen cable on their diving bell snaps. With only the oxygen of the underwater caves to sustain them, the divers have mere hours before they will run out of air. Above the surface, Professor Millard Wyman (John Carradine) scrambles to locate another diving apparatus that will reach them in time and save those trapped below.THE PHANTOM CREEPSThis 12-episode Universal serial features Bela Lugosi as Dr. Alex Zorka, a scientist who goes mad after the death of his beloved wife. With vengeance on his mind, Dr. Zorka plots to blow up the world.ROCKETSHIPIn this sci-fi actioner, Flash Gordon and company battle Mongo's sea monster and then return to space to take on the dark-hearted Emperor Ming the Merciless after a deadly ray strikes Earth. Flash and friends combat deadly ray guns and murderous robots to prevent Ming from annihilating Earth.FLASH GORDONThis exciting sci-fi television series evolved from Alex Raymond's comic strip featuring Flash Gordon (Steve Holland), a virtuous space defender who works for the Galaxy Bureau of Investigation. Gordon's mission is to keep the planets and their inhabitants safe from space outlaws with the help of his sidekicks Dale Arden (Irene Champlin) and Dr. Zarkov (Joe Nash). Together the space officials square off against dangerous nemeses such as space pirates; a tyrant ruler; the evil, memory-stealing Witch of Neptune; an ex-prisoner bent on revenge; and many more evil adversaries.Join the G.B.I. crew as they solve complex mysteries, including a baffling case of exploding galaxies, and take on the most vicious villains in the universe. Ready to foil their foes' follies at every turn, this crack squad of capable law levelers spares creation from doom again and again!FEATURING 8 EPISODESDeadline at NoonThe Forbidden ExperimentFlash Gordon and the Race Against TimeFlash Gordon and the Brain MachineAkin the TerribleThe Breath of DeathReturn of the AndroidsThe Claim JumpersTHE KILLER SHREWSWhen Captain Thorne Sherman (James Best) docks at an isolated island to drop off supplies, he becomes stranded by a hurricane. The island is also inhabited by mad scientist Dr. Milo Craigis (Baruch Lumet) and his beautiful daughter Ann (Ingrid Goude). Dr. Craigis, who has been conducting tests to prevent overpopulation by shrinking humans, has accidentally created a race of giant shrews that manage to escape during the storm. After the monstrous beasts devour all of the island's animal inhabitants, they turn their voracious appetites to human cuisine. No one is safe--not even the scientist that created them, and the only way to survive is to somehow make it off the island...CRASH OF THE MOONSRichard Crane stars in Crash of the Moons as the interminable space ranger Rocky Jones, commanding officer of the United Worlds' spacecraft. This time around Rocky must somehow prevent the inevitable collision of two populated planets. Flanked by his bumbling sidekick Winky (Scotty Beckett), the brilliant Professor Newton (Maurice Cass), and lovely navigator Veda (Sally Mansfield), it's up to Rocky and company to rescue the masses from certain doom.THE LAST WOMAN ON EARTHWhen married couple Harold (Antony Carbone) and Evelyn (Betsy Jones Moreland) go scuba diving with their lawyer-friend Martin (Robert Towne), the trio surfaces from the dive to discover a world starkly different from the one they left. During their excursion into the ocean's depths, a temporary malfunction in the atmosphere depleted the Earth's oxygen, killing off all of humanity. Suddenly, Evelyn has become the last woman on Earth, and both men will do whatever it takes to secure her as their own--even kill.TEENAGERS FROM OUTER SPACEA group of aliens land their spaceship on Earth to determine if it is a suitable place to graze their livestock, a giant race of crab-like monsters called Gargons. When the Gargons begin feasting on human prey, all but one of the investigating aliens are pleased to have found such an accommodating planet. The disagreeing alien, however, believes that because Earth sustains intelligent life, they should leave it be. Unable to change his partner's mind, the lone alien sets out to warn Earth and prevent the invasion of man-eating Gargons in a singular effort to save the world.UNDERSEA KINGDOMJourney beneath the waves and watch as intrepid Crash Corrigan (Ray "Crash" Corrigan), Professor Norton (C. Montague Shaw), and reporter Diana (Lois Wilde) brave the seas in a fantastic submarine, searching for the mythical sunken continent of Atlantis! This 1930s television serial is reminiscent of the Flash Gordon shows of the same era and features the talents of such movie veterans as Lon Chaney, Jr. and Smiley Burnette. Crash and his misfit crew find the lost undersea city and plunge themselves into the midst of a battle between the well-meaning white-robed Atlanteans and their nemesis, the evil black-robed faction, commanded by the villainous Unga Khan (Monte Blue), who plans to destroy America with a barrage of earthquakes.Featuring 12 episodes!update : Received set today the transfers / sound and picture are much better than mill creek sets, it looks like they really took their time and did it right, at the start of the disks they say theyve remastered them from the original masters and apologize for any imperfections caused by time degridation. I watched 3 movies in full on a big screen tv with stereo surround and everything looked and sounded great. The packaging is really good with arms inside case for disks, disks are one sided, chapters and menues better than other value sets. One draw back is no titles on most the disks, but there is nice art work. Im happy, for this price to have classics like Aliens from Space, and The brain that wouldnt die with quality good enough I can really enjoy it on my set up is great.
Though not Clive Cussler, and Dirk Pitt, Alex Hawke may be the new adventure hero to watch. Obviously Bell copied Cussler's writing style, in giving us a hero with a personality much like Dirk Pitt, and a side kick a lot like Al Giordano in Ambrose Cosgrove.Enough action, and a great plotline, involving modern day pirates, and a Cuban Coup to keep any reader interested till, as the Brits say it, "The Bitter End".The only reason I didn't give it five stars was the authors gratuitous use of sex scenes, and blamphemies, that as a Christian, I felt was unnecessary, offensive, and kept it from being a book that I would reccomend to a young reader.Still, all in all, a good read, and Several more books by Bell will prove him to be an heir to Cussler's Pitt.
This book was not all that helpful to me. I needed some ideas to balance my busy life/job with my new dog. It is a nice looking book with some cute dog pictures. It provides some basic information for how to care for a dog, not really geared towards busy people.
I have trouble with films with glaring anachronisms, and this one has them right off the bat. The initial scenes take place in Bavaria in 1938 and the clothes and hairstyles of the female characters are straight out of the late 50's. Ditto for the scenes showing the early to mid 40's. If I am not mistaken, in some of the scenes depicting the war years, some of the women's costumes had Dior's "New Look" construction, which was definitely POST war. So, a half baked attempt to be true to the 40's was attempted, but they got the timing wrong.More problematic for the plot is the female lead's prescience to know how bad Hitler was going to be--in 1938. Her whole attitude is of someone who knew the outcome of WW II, which she obviously couldn't have at that time. Avoid this clunker.
...although I don't hate the guide for it. Certainly, the game is quite easy to beat, and in fact, many of the more difficult items to obtain (such as the Grunties or the Ryu Books of 1000) could be found with trial and error. No, this guide falls short because of a tantalizing secret it dangles in front of its reader before pulling the bait away.According to the guide, there are hidden areas imbedded in .hack:liminality and .hack:sign (the anime DVD's which tie into the game). They give ONE of these areas (and proceed to claim the existence of many). I must confess, I can't find any more. For THAT, I knock the guide down three stars. Buy it if you want (I guess the illustrations are nice), but it is useless, really.
I ordered this puzzle with two other puzzles during a special on Melissa and Doug puzzles. When I received all three, I wiped them down with a damp cloth before allowing my 20 month old to play with them. Almost immediately the Insects puzzle began to bubble up. It became clear at this point that the pieces an the puzzle are NOT hand painted, but covered in very cheap sticker paper. After allowing the puzzle to dry, I put it down for my child to play with. She picked off pieces of the sticker cover almost immediately. It's like it disintegrated after contact with water! Luckily, Amazon has a great return policy for defective goods, so I sent it back thinking it was an anomaly. The second puzzle we received is exactly the same. I have kept it and only let my daughter use it when I'm around to supervise so she can't put any pieces in her mouth or get them wet. How crazy is that!I think other reviewers are correct in that M&D; products are no longer held up to high quality standards. They are all made in China and clearly are not tested before being mass produced and put into young children's hands. I'm writing M&D; off of my list of reliable, good toys for my child.
Excellent introduction to numerical methods in physics. As an undergraduate with little prior programming experience, I had no real trouble with this book. But it isn't exactly a walk in the park, either. Genuinely challenging and interesting problems, many of them theoretical in nature (try the problem on Numerov's method!). Extensive references. ...
I'll be switching to a Wintell machine running ME.OS 10 changed just about every proven aspect of the Macintosh user interface. I can't stand the confusion of missing features and hidden access.Tens of thousands of system files reside buried deep in numerous directories. If something goes wrong, clean install is your only option.You'll need permission from God to do the simplest of maintenance.The OS is incapable of backing itself up. Something goes wrong and you'll be doing a clean install.Your old applications are worthless. Send another thousand dollar check to Adobe to replace those critical applications. Too bad you were just starting to forget forking over the check last time Apple made you replace all your applications. See a pattern yet?
No doubt one of very best martial art movie of all time with great aspect at all area, probably a good thing jet li didn' took the role, the plot is something u won't see often in chinese martial movie, the plot is alot more organized this one althought flying around tree and root can be been too fantasy. Thre's no reason you won't like this movie if u are martial art film fan.
I read Roman Catholics and Evangelicals: Agreements and Differences by Norman Geisler and Ralph MacKenzie, then I read Roman Catholicism: Evangelical Protestants Analyze What Divides and Unites Us. The first, being written by a two person team, is more consistent. It follows a pattern of explaining a Roman Catholic doctrine, briefly giving a list of the Roman Catholic arguments in favor of the doctrine, giving a longer evangelical response to each Roman Catholic argument, then giving additional evangelical arguments. It mostly discusses official Roman Catholic theology, based on the Council of Trent and other infallible writings of the Roman Catholic Church.The second book, Roman Catholicism, is a collection of 13 essays. It is about 100 pages shorter, but some of the essays, especially the first six, are more technical and difficult to read. It is not as structured with lists of arguments, and the writing is less uniform because of the various authors. One idea that came up several times is that Roman Catholics define "justification" differently from evangelicals. For Roman Catholics, it includes both the initial justification of a person, plus the life-long process of becoming more Christ-like - what evangelicals call sanctification. For evangelicals, justification occurs once, at the beginning of a person's Christian life, and it is followed by the life-long process of sanctification. This is a constant source of misunderstanding, and occasionally I thought some of the writers of this book lost track of it. Roman Catholicism describes the theology of the Council of Trent, various creeds, writings of popes and other councils, Vatican I and Vatican II, writings of twentieth century liberal Roman Catholic theologians, and the practices and beliefs of the laity.Which book is better? If I had read just one of these books, I would have to choose the Geisler book, Roman Catholics and Evangelicals, because it is easier to read. But Roman Catholicism has a lot more historical information that is very valuable and some of it is reasonably easy to read. Both books are written from a conservative viewpoint.The following is a brief review of each of the thirteen chapters. These make the review longer than what is usually acceptable. You should not feel obligated to read all thirteen reviews.Part 1: The Historical Background1. One, Holy, Catholic, Apostolic Church. Covers the very early church, the early creeds, the church fathers. It requires quite a bit of prior knowledge to understand it. On page 27, it says "Tertullian's traducianism in anthropology virtually demands the monergism of reformation thought, but his soteriology was disorganized and shows little coherent development." I only partially understand this. Not all of the chapter is that intellectual. Some of it would require an advanced degree in theology or ministry to understand it.2. How did the Church in Rome become Roman Catholicism? The first part of this chapter was difficult for me to understand. It mentions Anselm and Abelard and the way Anselm argued the existence of God. Then come the Mass and Penance, Prevenient Grace, the tension between the Aristotelian view of Thomas Aquinas and the Platonic view, mediated and causal grace, nominalism, "the recurring pattern of return back to moralism and away from Christ" in the Protestant churches (page 59), the difference between regeneration and justification, the role of "means of grace" in spiritual growth (sanctification) versus conversion. I found myself understanding a paragraph or two, then getting pretty lost in the next couple of paragraphs. It does not seem to be a very cohesive chapter.3. What really caused the great divide? Based on three of Calvin's writings, which deal with worship, salvation, sacraments, and church government.Part 2. The Theological Issues4. Roman Catholic theology today. This chapter indicates that there is some difference between the official doctrines of Rome and the theology that is taught in Roman Catholic seminaries and in theological books. Theologians try to harmonize theology with the Enlightenment. (page 86) Roman Catholic theologians display as much diversity as evangelical theologians. (page 90) The most influential Roman Catholic theologian is Karl Rahner. When Rahner writes, he affirms that the traditional teaching of the Roman Catholic church is binding, he states the traditional teaching, then he explains what the teaching can mean to us today. (page 94, 98) In this third step, he can explain away the traditional teaching and present something much different. Rahner coined the phrase "anonymous Christianity", which seems to embrace pluralism and universalism, the belief that someone who has never heard the gospel can be saved. (page 108) Rahner speaks of "the divinization of the world as a whole," which seems to be a form of pantheism and a blurring of the difference between Jesus and the rest of us. (page 109)5. Mary, the saints, and sacerdotalism. This chapter is more readable than some of the others. It covers doctrines that are secondary, relative to justification. It is pointed out that Roman Catholic doctrine on Mary has grown over time, much of that growth starting during the reformation with the Council of Trent. This growth in doctrine has widened the chasm between Roman Catholics and Protestants. The author vigorously (but politely, and without unnecessary emotion, I think) refutes the Roman Catholic doctrines on Mary, the saints, and sacerdotalism (the power of priests as essential mediators between God and mankind.)6. Is Spirituality Enough? Spirituality is defined as "the way we live out our vocation under the cross of Christ." So it is what we do. It starts with a survey of different kinds of spirituality - primitive/animistic, rational/philosophical, mysticism, nomism. Then it discusses the influence of Hellenism (Greek philosophers and their language) on Catholicism. In a section titled "Gains and Losses in the Reformation" it says "Worship came to be centered exclusively in the written and proclaimed Word, and the visible Word became an appendage to the service of worship rather than its fulfillment (as in Luther and Calvin)." (page 153) I don't know what the visible Word is, here. The chapter discusses grace, favoring a Calvinist view. The evangelical view of spirituality, and works, is explained, "Spirituality in the evangelical sense is not the precondition for salvation but its fruit and consequence." (page 156) I thought this chapter was difficult to read, and hard to see what was the central point of it.Part 3, The Common Ground7. Unhelpful antagonism and unhealthy courtesy. The unhelpful antagonism mentioned here is mostly from the past, some from the very distant past. As when Pope Boniface VIII said, in 1302, "It is absolutely necessary for every human creature for salvation to be subject to the Roman pontiff," and in 1648, when the Westminster Confession said that the pope is "the man of sin and son of perdition." The problem nowadays is that postmodernists don't think there is objective truth, or, if there is objective truth, it is extremely hard to determine truth, so why haggle over doctrines. It mentions that some of the strong Roman Catholic doctrines have "escape clauses." For example, it is necessary to be baptized, except there is an escape clause, and the sacrament of penance (reconciliation) is necessary except there is an escape clause.8. Evangelical and Catholic cooperation in the public arena. Written by Ronald Nash (now deceased), this chapter has some strong statements that some (not me) would say are outspoken or over-the-top, which are directed toward various liberals. "a member of a Southern Baptist church occupies the White House, and large numbers of evangelicals and Roman Catholics are appalled by what they see as his contribution to the continuing decline of morality in America." (page 181) (And this was written in 1995, before the Lewinsky affair.) "Because evangelical and Catholic political liberals act in such harmony with their allies in the dominant liberal media and the major power structure in the Democratically controlled Congress and White House and the predominantly left-wing faculty on college campuses, they do not worry about such attacks." (page 190) The theme of the chapter is that conservative Roman Catholics and Evangelicals should work together on the social issues that they agree about.9. What shall we make of ecumenism? Some disagreements between evangelicals and Roman Catholics are caused by misunderstanding - often because they use different definitions of important words. Other disagreements are caused by real differences in doctrine that will probably never be reconciled. Roman Catholics and evangelicals define "justification" differently. For evangelicals, it is the beginning of Christian life, the moment when one believes and is justified by faith. For Roman Catholics, it means this, plus the process of sanctification. The author, Alister McGrath, seems to equate sanctification and regeneration (page 203), a concept that is foreign to me.Part 4, The Way Ahead10. No place like Rome? Some well known evangelicals have converted to Roman Catholicism and it looks like the trend will continue. Often, the reason is either the subjective look and feel of Catholicism ("smells and bells"), or doctrinal. When it is doctrinal, the former evangelical person may have had weak understanding of the evangelical creeds and doctrines. Scott Hahn left the Presbyterian Church in America because of sola scriptura. The chapter has a lengthly defense of sola scriptura. Another reason is that many evangelical churches have become doctrinally soft. At least in the Roman Catholic church there is a catechism and a magisterium, which has authority, to tell you what you should believe.11. What still keeps us apart? By Michael S. Horton. This chapter is more Reformed (Calvinist) that most, and is stronger in its rejection of Roman Catholic doctrines. More Reformed when it says "we cannot even respond to Him of our own free will, corrupted as it is by our sinful affections." (page 254) It rejects the definition of "evangelical" that is mostly based on spirituality (behavior) in favor of a definition that is theological - what is the evangel, the gospel, the good news? "If you are an orthodox Catholic, you are not in the evangelical camp." (page 249) There are vigorous discussions of sola scriptura, justification by grace alone through faith alone and imputed righteousness. It is also strong in its rejection of some modern trends in evangelicalism, such as the belief that all people are basically good - the rejection of original sin and total depravity. There are lots of scathing statements directed at both the Roman Catholic doctrines of the Council of Trent and modern day evangelicals who dilute or even deny the Reformation doctrines of justification by grace alone through faith alone, substitutionary atonement, and others. "We must remember that it is not we [evangelicals] who anathematized Rome, but Rome [the Council of Trent] that anathematized the gospel and thereby anathematized itself." (page 258) "Who can deny that Protestants have led the way in the twentieth century away from a high view of Scripture and God's grace in Christ?" (page 254)12. Did I really leave the Holy Catholic Church? By William Webster. The author converted from Roman Catholic to evangelical as a young man. After Karl Keating published Catholicism and Fundamentalism, he studied the history of the church. This chapter gives historical information on the most important doctrines where Roman Catholics and evangelicals disagree. In each case, Webster shows that history supports the evangelical view. He uses many quotes from modern Roman Catholics, theologians such as Augustine, and the Church Fathers to support his case. He ends with an appeal Roman Catholic readers to convert to evangelicalism.13. The Evangelical Moment? John H. Armstrong. This chapter discusses the affects of Vatican II and recent developments in evangelicalism. Vatican II is seen by some as five revolutions: modernity, self-understanding, liturgical, the relationship of the Roman Catholic Church to other Christian churches and to non-Christian faiths, and religious freedom with respect to each state government. Six kinds of Roman Catholics are listed: liberal, extreme syncretist, nominal, conservative/moderate, archconservative, and charismatic. Armstrong expresses concern over evangelical trends: "Modern evangelicalism is, in reality, more Catholic than Protestant" because they see works as an essential precondition for justification. They do not see justification as something that God sovereignly accomplishes without help from the sinner. "As Protestantism has moved further and further into mysticism and subjectivism since the nineteenth century, it has proportionately moved away from its evangelical foundation." Armstrong calls for a new Biblical reformation.
The film is about his entire life and was very interesting and well worth the cost because for me Jack Wrangler was the hottest porn star ever, and its fun to know everything now. Also I purchased some of his older films, which are available on DVD. so here's to Jack, thank you for sharing all your beauty and talent with all of us, and for me, showing me how there are so many men from various backgrounds who enjoy each other, freely as they should. Although he was gay thru and thru, he still shared his beauty with woman in films, so ladies u may enjoy this as well, enjoy, kev
Taking Spring Break in Mexico, four college kids hook up with a couple of European tourists and embark on a trek to an ancient pyramid in the interior jungle. A bus drops them in a small village where they try and hitch a ride with a Mexican man who rebuffs them, advising them to stay away from the ruins. However, he quickly relents when they flash a twenty in front of him. At the ruins, the young people are surrounded by an armed group of Mayans who, after killing one of the party, force the others to the top of the pyramid, where they spend the remainder of the movie being menaced by an intelligent, man-eating vine.I didn't love the bestseller by Scott Smith, and, even with some significant changes, the movie doesn't improve upon the novel. Director Carter Smith presents some nice views of the Mexican coastline, but does little to enliven his characters or generate much interest in their fates. It doesn't help that the movie starts very slowly, and that the action is confined to a relatively small space. Instead of playing on the character's paranoia and the audience's feeling of claustrophobia, Smith throws on gore and hysteria, which, oddly, makes the film seem flat and lifeless. I don't have a problem with gore if it's necessary to advance the plot, but gore for gore's sake doesn't cut it--it's a cheap ploy, a last resort when creativity is limited. When we see the gore here, it's just gratuitous; there is no real buildup of tension leading up to it, no suspense, and we don't really care about these characters because they're not close to believable. It's not necessarily the fault of the actors; the roles are seriously underwritten. The book never really fleshed them out either, which, I think, interfered with its effectiveness. As the film's nominal hero, Jonathan Tucker does his best in the role of a med student. Tucker's actually quite a good actor, but he's wasted here. Jena Malone, known for better performances, plays his girlfriend with a whininess that quickly becomes annoying, but when you have a part like this, one that doesn't offer much to begin with, you have to do what you can. Shawn Ashmore and Laura Ramsey, as the other college couple, are both photogenic and athletic, and their performances hint at the true talent that they'll hopefully be able to exhibit in future films.I'm giving this film two stars because of the cinematography, and because, as bad as this film is, there are even worse (much worse) films out there that are truly deserving of a lower rating.
at first i thought this a great price. then did a google search on pocket and dirt bikes. easily found three sites with bikes at same price, including shipping. but one site stood out (lg wholesale) who ahd much the same bike at 525including shipping, AND it was a honda clone with back end support. and they gave LOTS of info on the specs. the amazon site was lacking on such info and on any support, parts etc...buying this from amazon would be a pig in a poke, with possible problems wit service and parts. and with dirt bikes that is SURE to happen. i will go with the hinda clone at the lower price.
My first acquaintance with this rather neglected work came with the debut recording of the late lamented Dino Ciani (DG). This recording has since been re-issued and I would urge any lover of Schumann to seek it out urgently. Ciani brought something to this music you don't find on recordings of more staid interpreters like Arrau, Klien, Demus et al - namely a young man's freshness and ardour, and an understanding that seems lacking elsewhere: That this is LOVE MUSIC full of passionate longing, desperate whispers, fiery declarations and an abundant glow of all-embracing desire and tenderness. This music is nothing other than a collection of love messages to his beloved Clara.And so here we have another youngster wishing to make his mark with this music - surely a top candidate for a youthful, poetry-drenched account!Alas, nothing of the kind happened. How could I forget that not all young men are star-crossed lovers like Schumann! Today they grow up in glass and concrete environments, the moon is a rock in the sky and love . . . well, let's start with sex and see. This is a post-Freudian age; and the nature that was so beloved by the Romantics at best a picture you send to your friends by email. All this, and the fact that this talented musician is already "Professor Roth" before the age of 30, is reflected in his playing on this album.There is plenty of exhilaration, for example that Roth manages a million notes in half the time they really need for us to hear them all; and that his ride across the Schumann landscape might evoke the nature seen from a Lamborghini's window rushing down the highway at 250k/h. It is all gleaming fingerwork; but of caressing the music, of articulating the yearning, the hope, the frustration, the sudden eruptions of passion, there is not a trace. I'm sure Roth must have read about all this, but none of it entered his bloodstream as a musician. And so, what you get, is music performed with panache, elegance and the brilliant glitter of keyboard work - plenty of technique, splendid sound recording - but of fire in the heart, not an ounce.
I bought this to go with the Musician's Gear Die-Cast Mic Stand in black. It screwed on with no problem at all and was easy enough to adjust the angle. I bought theMemorex MKS-SS1 SingStand Home Karaoke Systemand realized it was too tall for my child, so I had to buy another stand to go with it until he grows some more. The Musician's Gear Die-Cast Mic Stand in black didn't come with the microphone clip, so I got this one, as it was recommended to go with it. This clip fit the microphone from the Sing Stand with no problem at all, and I assume that it is a standard size microphone. Definitely great quality for the price.
I didn't know anything about this diet other than its fad appeal until I took a graduate level health course. Unfortunately, the Atkin's diet while it does work, can lead to serious long term problems. Most of the weight you lose will be from water loss which can lead to elecrtolyte imbalances and kidney stones. The trick of the diet is that carbohydrates turn on insulin which puts the body into anabolic mode (meaning it will rebuild tissue such as muscle and fat). The body is tricked into thinking its in what nutritionist's call &quot;fasting mode&quot; when its given a diet without carbohydrates, there will be no new tissue produced or regenerated, the body thinks its starving. The problem is that while no one wants their fat replenished, your muscle doesn't get replenished either. Further, if you go off the diet and resume a normal one, you'll gain more weight than you started with. The only cases where the medical/scientific community agreed that the atkin's diet would be beneficial is in the severly obese and children suffering epileptic seizures that could not otherwise be treated with drugs. If I've already lost you in scientific jargon, I apologize, but one really must have a good education on this level to fully understand the interplay going on that this diet manipulates (biochemsitry, nutrition, physiology). It took me months of learning to fully understand the terrible consequences of this diet. Unfortunately, the hazards do not show up for months to years, so most people who buy this book and use its advice will be so overjoyed to see themselves losing weight, they will shut their minds off to the truth. These hazards can range from muscle loss (including heart muscle which is irreplaceable, kidney and/or liver cancer, serious electrolyte balance just for starters). Another element I am seriously troubled with is that Atkin has an M.D. and a plethora of education on this subject, so he must know that he is not presenting all the information in an objective manner. With his education, he knows the FDA will not regulate him (because the FDA only regulates drugs and alcohol, not diets or vitamins). Much like a used car salesman with a first time car buyer, He is literally steering people toward a road that will offer only short term results @ the cost of their health, and by the time they do suffer from its results it could be years later, so they will not associate this with his diet. Most REAL nutritionists are very upset with Dr. Atkin, and feel he should be stripped of his M.D. for violating the hippocratic oath. The road to losing weight in a healthy manner is hard, its takes a long time, and there are no quick results. Please believe my sincerity on this issue if you do not have the medical knowledge I have discussed. Other books or programs on dieting by Jenny Craig, Dr. Andrew Wiel and Dr. Dean Ornish provide healthy diets that will not cause long term harm.
First off, like many other real Korn fans, this is my least favorite Korn album, and unless they do this again, it will stay that way. There are a lot of people saying that Korn is washed up and selling out, but I don't buy that. Just 2 and a half years ago, they made Take a Look in The Mirror, and made hardly any money (which they weren't planning to, all of their concerts were in small time places, hence the Back To Basics tour name) and came out with the anti-record company song Y'all Want A Single, so I wouldn't say they were sell-outs. As for being washed up, that depends on what they come out with next. If they do a record anything like this again, I will still buy it, but I won't be as easy on them. From what the members have been saying, they plan on coming out with at least a few more records, and if they want to do that, they better keep changing their music, because, like Take A Look In The Mirror, they can't do a record too much like this again. Lets face it, they are not in their prime anymore, and to be honest, I don't know how much they have left in them. They all said that all their demons are pretty much excorcised, and now that the pain and hate is gone, I don't know what they are planning on doing next. Don't let the cover for the album fool you, this is not really a dark or heavy album, its more a celebration of life, or, to be more specific, sex. Most of their albums have had a perv song or two on them, but they really go overboard on this record. For example, Twisted Transistor is apparently about a girl getting off with a radio(I am not so sure about that, I have read the lyrics and can't really decide, if so, it isn't blatant) Politics is about sleeping with your boss to get ahead, among other things, 10 or a Two Way is about a girl pleasuring herself, Getting Off is pretty self evident, don't you think? Liar I think is about sleeping with a hooker, but I could be wrong. Man! Not that I mind, its just that it can become a little repetitive. Another thing about not just this album, but Korn albums in general as of late; not since Issues has Korn come out with a really emotional album(Untouchables has deep stuff on it, and tries in places, but only has one song, Alone I Break on it that is really emotional, the voice synthesizers and subdued guitars on it just make it all sound too phony) Take A Look In The Mirror wasn't trying to be emotional, and that was fine, but if Korn stops coming out with emotional albums they might as well hang it up, because that is what they are all about. The music on here is very industrial-sounding, which makes sense after Head found Jesus(gagging)so you aren't going to hear any guitar work like on Falling Away From Me, thats for sure. There ARE a few guitar heavy songs on here, like Hypocrites, Coming Undone, and, my personal favorite, Liar. But then you hear songs like Love Song, which is a very decent song, but the guitars are almost completely absent from it. My opinion on this album has changed from utter disgust on first listen to gradual acceptance, to starting to actually appreciate the fact that they went in a different direction to stay relevant. I waited awhile to write this review, to make sure about how I felt about it. I am glad I did, because I still don't like it, but I would still like to hear their songs, nothings more satisfying than hearing a new Jonathan Davis scat. So, for the hardcore Korn fans out there, try not to get hasty and throw this cd in the nearest trash (which was my first instinct) and instead try to appreciate the fact that they are trying to stay on the scene. I just hope that they know when to hang it up, because I would hate to see their record tarnished by doing this again. Now to the song ratings:1 Twisted Transistor: 8/10 Almost everyone who doesn't live in a hole has heard this song. I actually didn't find it too catchy, but it makes up for that ten-fold in the video. I have to say that the music video for this is the best one they ever did, and its flat-out hilarious.2 Politics: 7/10 The riffs here aren't too original, and no, this isn't about government politics. Its about domestic ones, sleeping with your boss to get ahead, etc etc...... Not bad, but not great either.3 Hypocrites: 9/10 Second-best song on the album. Yes, guys, this is a partial swing at Head. Its a anti-religion song, and I have always had a soft place in my heart for those. It was one of the songs on here that kept me listening to it the first time without breaking it or burning it or anything. The guitars on here, while not being Falling Away From Me or Ball Tongue good, are still heavy and decent. It talks about a few things, like people who go to church and condemn bands like Korn and others, then go home and get drunk or cheat on their wives. It also deals with blind faith, I GOTTA DO IT BLIND! Also, a little bit of trivia, it is Munky who yells HYPOCRITES! Before Jon goes into the chorus.4 Souvenir: 7/10 Not that great a song, I usually skip it, but it makes more sense once you look up the lyrics.5 10 or a 2 Way: 7/10 I have already gone over what this song is about, so I don't need to say any more. The drums on here are really quite good on this song, as they are throughout most of the album. Since Head's departure, David and Munky really took care of the slack.6 Throw Me Away: 8/10 This song is one of the reasons why I gave this album a 4 star rating. I am not in love with this song too much, but its nice that every song sounds different, because I don't know if I would have been able to finish this album if it all sounded the same. Korn really experimented on a few of the songs on here. It is pretty evident what this song is about. Jonathan pleads, don't let them throw me away..... Shows they still want to be on the scene.7 Love Song: 8/10 This song grew on me, because I couldn't get over how awful the guitar was on here(or lack of it) there are some decent parts that Munky has on here, but most of it is just the same dull riff over and over, easily overshadowed by the drums and Jonathan. As for Fieldy, his bass really isn't all that audible on this album, which is a first for him. I love the part where its only Jonathan's voice on here. For the record, this song is about the soldiers who have died out in Iraq or other parts of the world. Example is "Love song for the dear departed, head stone, for the broken-hearted.8 Open Up: 9/10 This isn't one of my favorites on here, kind of in the upper middle, but its REALLY original. I haven't heard this kind of song by Korn or any other band. I can't really understand what some of the parts mean, but the whole song structure is really original. Also, the part at the end, whether it was an interlude or not, where the song goes into a short bagpipe solo, then it goes acoustic, then Jonathan scats first slowly, then its speeded up electronically, is really cool. It then goes immediately into.....9 Coming Undone: 8/10 I am not really in love with the singles that Korn has come out with so far, Twisted Transistor was all right, and this is fairly catchy, but it lacks originality. The music video for this proves it, too. It basically shows them coming undone, I don't know how else to put it, but it seems like something that another band would do, and Korn has really over-done the whole I-am-going-crazy thing.10 Getting Off: 7/10 I don't mind the perv thing, as I told you, but this song is just too repetitive. The chorus is all right, but everything else about the song is just blah.11 Liar: 10/10 Compared to alot of other Korn songs this song sucks, but compared to every other song on here its a masterpiece. Maybe its just me craving the heavy guitars and scatting. But this song has everything a classic Korn song should: Heavy guitars, including a few weird experimenting on Munky's part, Jonathan scatting, references to sex, not too short..... I certainly hope it becomes Korn's next single.12 For No One: 5/10 At first 10 or a 2 Way was my least favorite song on this album, but at least it has some nice drumming and a cool interlude, while this song has nothing going for it. This song is about teenage rebellion, but its boring and impossible to get into.13 Seen It All: 8/10 The longest song on the album, and VERY industrial-sounding. I guess this is the title-track of the album, because Jon references a little child holding a gift that is broken, which basically describes the cover art. Not their best, but not bad either. It is actually kind of a creepy song, and gets emotional and has some nice bagpipes. This may actually be Korn's most bagpipe-heavy album. Of course nothing will ever top Shoots and Ladders. I also agree with a lot of other reviewers on here that say this should have been Korn's last song on the record.14 Tearjerker: 7/10 I guess they felt like they had to put a emotional song on here SOMEWHERE, and decided to stick in in the end. This may be Korn's phoniest emotional song ever, I can't see anyone relating to it. Faget was emotional, but had some sort of redemption and payback, Daddy was the same thing, it had a resolution with Jon cussing out the man who did this. But this.... Its REALLY repetitive, goes nowhere, and is boring. Jonathan once said that they had a superstition about having 13 tracks on an album, which is why Follow the Leader had all those empty tracks. Maybe they should excorcise THAT demon too, and not do any songs like this again.Overall I would rate this album 75/100, which would be about a C, but I am giving Korn respect for being the last nu metal band standing. They created this genre, and they are going to be around when it dies. Unless they totally disban their roots and go to a whole different playing field, which I think they might. I think the reason that so many of the tracks on here sound different is because they wanted to see what worked for them and their fans, before they chose which "door" to go through. Because that is what this record is about, that is why you see all those doors on the cd, this isn't Korn evolved or anything, this is them experimenting with a lot of new sounds and deciding which one they want to try. I for one just hope that Korn chooses the right door, because I look foward to hearing more from them.Overall this album is recommended to Korn fans and non-Korn fans, and please, resist the urge to throw it away the second you hear it, this will probably grow on you, and appreciate the fact that Korn is staying around.
It's unfortunate that when Geoffrey Norman wrote his four Morgan Hunt mysteries in the mid-90s, they didn't sell well enough to justify more in the series. If you like Travis McGee--John MacDonald's peerless 1964-1985 tough guy, philosopher and "salvage consultant," prototype for Spenser, Doc Ford and many others--the closest thing to him is Norman's Morgan Hunt. Fans of the first person, hard-boiled PI story, would do well to dig up copies of Norman's Sweetwater Ranch, Blue Chipper and Deep End. A fourth book in the series, Blue Light, seems unavailable in the US. You can get it through Amazon UK. Try out Morgan hunt, you won't regret it.
Besides the title line---Life Changing---I really do not know what to say. I never re-read a book but I have re-read this one often. If you are looking for sound relationship advice, especially if you are a Christian, this is it.
I thought that this low budget independent movie was very well made. It starts with a good script by writer and director Michael Akers. The cast of unknown actors is effective and overall the movie tells a good story with a lot of heart. Its low budget is not evident in the final product, to the credit of all involved. Akers and his entire production team managed to do a lot with limited resources. The second audio commentary track details many of the challenges involved in making an independent film. This one is not to be missed!
Someone gave me this book 3 weeks into breastfeeding for the first time and I wished I had it before the baby was born! Breastfeeding is such a personal, complex and at times challenging process. This book is a great resource that walks you through many questions you will have about breastfeeding. The more information the better and this book is a great start.Pros- A great "all in one" resourceCons- Book does not contain everything on breastfeeding
i liked this book, but at times it seemed the plot dragged along and i found myself falling asleep several times while reading it. i loved the ending though.
Written by a top professor at the prestigious Harvard Business School, one would automatically expect deep insight and reams of theory. Happily, the book delivers insight that is not difficult to grasp and only as much theory as necessary.The topic of the book is management transitions, and how to successfully negotiate them. The thesis is that you have a narrow 90 day window to make your mark, and that these 90 days have to be used in the right manner if you wish to succeed.I am often suspicious of "professor books" written by an academic whose practical experience is all second-hand. Indeed, the book lacks the immediacy that it would have if it had been written by an experienced practicing manager. There is also a lot of supercilious attitude in the writing; the author takes on a superior tone and talks down to the audience a little too often.But that out of the way, the book delivers a lot of useful content that managers at all levels, particularly higher levels, would do well to absorb. The author has done extensive study on what happens during transitions and has distilled valuable lessons from this study. The book takes ten critical factors in a successful transition and works through each one in detail, explaining what it means to the practicing manager, and how it is best dealt with. Various tools, usually in the form of questions or tables, provide a means of helping to develop your own plans for success (or at least, so the author tells us over and over; I'm a bit skeptical of this part).Each chapter provides anecdotal examples of the principles involved. Most are useful; a few are interesting; and nearly all could have used more elaboration and detail. This might have helped alleviate the overall "dry" feel of the book. In fact, the author doesn't come across as passionate about his subject. Good managers are passionate and enthusiastic about their work. The book doesn't reflect this at all, and perhaps it's due to the author's lack of first-hand experience.Certainly, the book is, in the end, very useful, and fills a real gap in management literature. I myself have many years of management experience at a senior level, and I can relate to the concepts in the book. I have made some of the mistakes the author describes. I could have used this book to good advantage at various times in my own career. So my bottom line is that this book is worth having and worth reading. Just don't expect much in the way of entertainment, and be prepared for a strong dose of attitude from the author.
Explains character traits that are ideal for a maintenance programmer such as flexibility, broad background, patience, self-motivation, responsibility, humility, innovation, and historian. Compares and contrasts the styles used for programming in languages such as assembly, Fortran, COBOL, and ALGOL. Enumerates tools for software development and proposes a &quot;supercompiler&quot; and &quot;programmer's workbench&quot;. These concepts are similar to the modern interactive development environment (IDE). Excellent discussion of preventing maintenance using techniques such as modularity, clustering, program structure, data structure, parameterization, data communication, defensive programming, programming standards, and documentation. Defines the content and structure of good internal documentation for use in the maintenance phase of the life cycle. This outstanding book is still relevant and will remain relevant.
I enjoyed this book, it was funny, the mystery was good and it kept you guessing to the end. I would definitely read this author again.
This is the first Jacey Ford I've read and I really liked it - not loved like some books that grip your soul, but I would definitely look for her next one. Strong female Aimee Devlin and strong, sexy male Race Gardner are a combustible combination. And what's really cool is they are fallible people who fall hard, fast, but do what is right for their country no matter how painful it is to their relationship.
i'm not your typical reviewer who just say's g-unit sucks or call them gay-unit. this album is just horrible. the only reason it was able to go 2 times platinum was off the success of fifty's get rich or die trying album. i know this album would not have sold if it had come out first. i don't know where to start as none of these guys are all that great as far as lyrics are concerned but the production is no saving grace. basically fifty's head was so swole from the success of his album that he knew he could just put out a g-unit album and it would sell regardless of how whack it was.get rich or die trying to me was actually a good album not that fifty had anything to do with it as i think the production was incredible on most of the tracks but i can't say anything good about this album. i also find it strange that they didn't wait for yayo to get out of jail before doing this album(he's barely on it) as he got out soon after it was released anyway. i'm not a fan of yayo but him being a part of the group and all i thought that would make more sense. i can also tell that the only reason young buck got signed to g-unit is because he is from the south and fifty wanted to fill that slot but buck is just a waste of space. out of all the rappers from the south, i know fifty could have done better than this. basically the only people who could possibly enjoy this album are g-unit DI*K riders and i have noticed a lot of them on this website.
This book is a descent resource of basic information; that is, if you can find it. That's the most frustrating thing about this book is that it suffers from poor organization and a horrible index that follows it's own inexplicable logic.E-mail links? No listing in the index. Same for such basic terms as: pop-up windows, navigation, browser windows, publishing, windows, importing, and printing. It was easier and less frustrating to flip through the entire book than to try to figure out the logic of the index.If you chance on some information that you may need, put a placeholder or a stickynote there immediately; you may never find it again.
I've been purchasing the Nutiva via subscription, in the two-pack jars. Recently I found the 8 pound pail available, and decided it would be a good purchase since coconut oil has such a long shelf life.Having seen another review that said there was a difference between the pail product and jar product, I was concerned. However, after having used both I can assure you that the product you buy in jars is the same product packed in the large pail.Eight pounds of wonderful coconutty goodness, creamy and fragrant and delicious! Since it turns liquid in warmer temps, I poured the liquid into my olive oil dispenser and can now add oil to my skillets without having liquid coconut oil running all down the sides of the jar. When the weather cools down I'll have to make other arrangements, of course. But this coconut oil is fabulous and a bargain at this price!I might have to order another one soon as my mother likes this also, and took some of my coconut oil.*Edit 6-14-11: when I purchased this and raved about what a bargain it was, the pail cost me just a little over $50.00 You may find that doing the math on any additional price increases changes whether this is a bargain for you or not.
Waterman makes great pens, even if you don't spend a small fortune on them they tend to be among the best you can get. Normally, they come stocked with this color blue ink: very vibrant, very distinctive. If more people used ink like this, the Postal Service might not be running up huge deficits. More people would take the time to write letters!
I bought my Bean primarily for stretching my back and doing the back strengthening exercise where the rounded bottom of the Bean is face up and you hold your arms and legs outstretched like Superman flying, but I also discovered a chiropratic use for the Bean ... As a Cad Draftsman I sit all day and sometimes my mid to upper back gets what I call a kink in it ... I take a large towel, roll it up, then sit and lay back on the Bean in it's rocking position, place the towel at whichever part of my back has the kink and just rest there, sometimes stretching my arms out over my head, until my spine pops much in the same way as when a Chiropractor pushes on it ... Since I've discovered this I've not been to my Chiro since, as once I get that readjustment my back feels just fine ... PS - Also if you puncture your Bean, if it's not to large a hole (mine was about a 1/4" tear), I've found that a 1 1/2" round bicycle tire patch works just fine (follow the same procedure as patching a tire sans the quick lighting of the glue if you do it that old fashioned way) ...
I'll make this short and sweet.First off the book is an insight into the world of pure mathematics, it uses the fulcrum of the Last Theorem (an apparently very simple rule) to touch upon a number of different issues within both the practice and history of the subject.Second. This book is interesting! It contains almost no technical material (aside from the optional appendices), and pure mathematics is surprisingly fascinating; not being a number theorist i appreciated the many references it has to the practical implications of maths, but there are also some noodle-baking moments concerning ideas that are so very simple, yet totally strange.Third. Fairly quick to read.Fourth. Tells the story of one of the most important breakthroughs of the twentieth century.Hope this was useful
If not the best. Very fast Problems with the smell complained about by some reviewers?Well, don't fill it up above 7-cup mark and you'll never have to deal with that smell. Just follow the instructions.Bought it a month ago, use it 2-3 times every day. So far so good.
While filled with talented performers, this cd sucks.Rocky is a campy, 1970's B-Movie, that's what makes it enjoyable. Even as a stage show it's a hokey, rock-and-roll extravaganza.This cd tries to turn Rocky into Thoroughly Modern Millie, and it just doesn't work. The corny sci-fi sound and less than amazing vocals are just what make Rocky..Rocky. This cast has so much less enthusiasm and energy than the original Roxy cast.And lastly, Tim Curry is Frank. His rendition is too ingrained in my head for me to accept the twangy annoyance that is the Frank on this album. Ripley is a little too legit for Janet, and the female Eddie weirds me out.Buy the Roxy cast. It's so superior it's almost laughable.
Okay, I Don't normally write reviews on gospel rap, But when i saw these guys in concert I had to go get this. I now listen to both secular and non-secular rap. Go and get this
Ok, you have 12 guys that spend the entire movies huddled in a small jury discussion room and do nothing but talk for 90 min. How is that interesting? Let me tell you, the first time I watched this movie, I was riveted. The casting director should have won an Oscar for how well he crafted this ensemble. Every one of these 12 are wonderful actors and take their parts very seriously. Henry Fonda is obviously the star of the movie, but he by no means carries the movie - Martin Balsam, Jack Klugman, Ed Begley and the others are all co-equals and add the necessary spice that moves this movie one that could be watched over and over again. It was recently on TCM and although I've seen it probably half a dozen times, know most of the lines, and what's going to happen, I was glued to my seat for that whole 90 min. I just can't get enough of it!
I have finished Prince of Dreams and had to go back and read it again. My favorite King Arthur story is of Tristan and Essyite (a.k.a. Isoldie among other names) I love how the author breathes new life into this tale as well as seamlessly blending it into her other two books at the same time. A feet not easily done. The character she seem to go more in depth and fleshes out the story for a modern day audience to really get a feel for the characters. I know people who would read her books would be more likely to go a read the other King Arthur series after reading this book as well as her others High Queen of Camelot and The Grail Prince.
As much as the author's view on the complex dynamics of the Japaese appears simplistic and limited, nonetheless, her observations are keen and her articulation of her own reactions are flawless. This is not meant to be a judgemental account of the West looking at the East. Rather, it is a collection of one's own analysis and predilections of a society- an attempt at wrapping one's mind around an organic, enigmatic phenamenon. Thoughtful, genuine, true to the Asian experience that not all things can be said on the words of a page.
The illustrations are mind-blowing.My daughter has been enjoying this story since she was two years old, so I highly recommend this book for children much younger than the age 9-12 range that Amazon.com puts it in.
Dear Friends is a truly beautiful book; full of wonderful, sweet photos that speek volumes in and of themselves. The text is great, but the pictures are the true treasure. It's said that a picture is worth a thousand words, this book proves the old adage right.
I think that the previous 222 reviews probably cover this well enough, so briefly: this is a great,well researched book which I couldn't put down. It does read like a spy novel but it's made better by being true. One of the other reviewers said that a general mentioned the book to him and said something to the effect of &quot;sacrificing security for profit&quot;. You could look at it that way, you could also look at it and think that a well written book on what's been going on would make the public more sympathetic to military spending. I'd absolutely recommend this book. For most of us laypeople it reveals a hidden world.
"Mozart's Brain and the Fighter Pilot" is about how to increase your brain's productivity from being able to focus better, remember things longer, and how to keep your brain healthy and strong.I found the first 5 chapters to be absolutely useless as author Richard Restak goes through different parts of the brain and how they interact. This information was interesting, but not useful for the rest of the book. If anything, he could have just summarized this into a single page.The rest of the book gets more useful however. Restak suggests certain activities, such as puzzles, reading, and music, increase the brain's capacity for learning. Restak also suggested different memory increasing activities such as looking at a shape and trying to recreate it from memory or memorizing a list of words.Probably most interesting was how Restak gets us to think in terms of brain geography. Certain activities, such as reading and writing utilize only certain parts of the brain. Therefore Restak suggests we switch to different tasks, such as something that involves music or patterns to work different areas of the brain and give the original areas a break.I also liked the idea of a "reading journal". I read a lot of books but I really wish I could retain more knowledge. The concept of a reading journal involves writing down the date you finished the book, and then writing down everything you remember from the book. Then you can look over your notes with previous notes from other books and see connections and linkages.Restak also gives a useful index of the games, books and activities he likes to use/read. I really liked the idea of the software program "Inspiration" for creating mind maps. I had been looking for something like that... and while it is older and could use some work, it is an interesting tool.My only beef is that the exercises take a lot of time and work. While the exercises are definitely useful, it can be hard to fit all of these suggestions into a normal life.Regardless, this is a good book to read if you are looking to "sharpen the saw" and increase your brain's potential. 4 out of 5 stars.
This was also my first adult historical romance, back in 1989. I loved this book. It was so full of adventure and well developed characters. Like Lia below, this book hooked me fish, line, and sinker. I love reading Janelle Taylor's historical romances, but I wish she was writing more historicals still, rather than contemporaries. She's a really gifted Western and Indian romance writer. Thank goodness, I picked this book up 13 years ago. It introduced me to a whole new genre and hours upon hours of reading pleasure.
Contrary to popular belief I believe that this book was very realistic and honest. While this book was actually published nearly 30 years ago, the story is very modern. Let's be honest. Most teens will have sex without any thought about abstinence. And as this book will show, protection is important. The story of Katherine and Michael is both beautiful and sad. They as a couple, are very symbolic of most modern teenage couples now, whether we want to believe it or not.Katherine is a very level-headed young woman. She is in love, truly, for the first time and does want to take her relationship with Michael further. She shows responsibility and maturity by taking matters into her own hands when it comes to protection. She displays wisdom and responsibility that all teens should have when considering having sex.In order to truly accept this book, you must have an open mind. Otherwise you will most likely miss the important messages in this book as others have done.
I am a big Bob Seger fan. I have many of his older albums (yes, vinyl) and CD's and enjoy them frequently. So I wanted to enjoy this one also. Unfortunately this outing is definitely not up to par with most of his other material. The songs are, on the whole, lackluster and forgettable. The melodies are uninteresting and repetitive and the lyrics predictable. As other reviewers have pointed out, Bob's voice sounds tired and strained throughout. There are only one or two songs that rise (slightly) above the level of mediocrity that the rest of the CD is mired in. Sadly, it seems that Bob's best songwriting years are far behind him. I expected better from this rock and roll legend.
This album really put it all together for Slave. It had the right combination of funk bass (Adams), electrifying guitar work (Hicks), vocals, (Arrington), and producing (Washington &amp; Douglass). It was the prelude for their greatest album, Showtime, which was released next. &quot;Watchin' You&quot; and &quot;Sizzlin' Hot&quot; are classics. &quot;Dreamin'&quot;, &quot;Never Get Away&quot;, and &quot;Starting Over&quot; are also outstanding jams ! This is a &quot;MUST OWN&quot; !
I purchased this set as a birthday gift for my granddaughter in response to a last minute request for a set of "more realistic" play animals. This was the only set I could find which had both mother and baby animals included, so I purchased it. The animals are well made and nicely detailed, and she loves them so I'm happy. I did find it rather strange that they included a single male lion, whereas all of the other animals were mother/baby pairs. My granddaughter kept asking me where the baby lion was.CAVEAT: $33 plus $10 shipping for a set of 8 small plastic animals seems very high. I'd have looked a lot longer if I'd had the time.
Cheaper than buying separately for sure.My 21 month old LOVES these videos. They're very entertaining and she seems to enjoy interacting with it...we sit together and watch and she watches alone, too. I don't think there is any problem with her watching programs like this, it's fine, my husband and I watch TV so it's unrealistic to have NO TV in the home. In any case, the videos are all a big hit with her, she just loves them and I actually like them more than Baby Einstein. Plus they don't have those annoying repetitive intros and 2 menus every time I put one in!!!!!
I've only had my C-720 for a few days but I did take it to a softball travel tournament this week-end. My daughter plays third and I got some really neat shots from my side of the fence. I also got some nice shots in and around the hotel. It's easy to pick-up and start shooting right away even if you've only used the simplest disposables. I took a picture from the window of our hotel room of a beautiful fountain that was across the street and several hundred feet away. It captured the beauty of this fountain and captured my grand-daughter and daughter standing there too! If you buy it I don't think you'll have any regrets. What more could you ask for it has 8x optical zoom and 3 megapixels. That pretty much covers it. Plus a whole lot more!
I wish I could be as positive as the other reviewers, but I have some problems with this recording. Gorgeous though her voice is, I think Norman is miscast. It's interesting to hear her in something other than her more usual Mozart/Strauss/Wagner repetoire, and she does sing well, but for some reason just sounds out of place. My main problem, however, is with Caballe. This is not a particularly difficult role, or at least shouldn't be for someone accustomed to singing Norma, Puritani, etc. But here Caballe sounds tentative and awkward some of the time. And her lack of a real high range (at least at volume) is noticeable here also. However, Gardelli couldn't have conducted a bad Verdi performance if he tried, and the male roles are all just fine. If you like this opera, and I do, you'll want this performance (not that you have a lot of other choices).
I heard a track on this CD by accident (MOTHER EARTH) and was able to find a used copy. I very rarely give 5 stars, my criterion for five stars is you have to hear something different that you discover every time you play the CD. This is one CD. It is an acid jazz classic and what other CD's and other artists of the genre aspire to......
This film was mildly interesting in the first few minutes, where the "city" boyfriend proposes romantically to Reese's character, but after she goes back to the "country" town, it became dull and stupid. Basically, it was just a bunch of people being alternately "cutesy" and nasty, while they stumbled their way through a completely implausible storyline. Reese Witherspoon can do better than this trash. Hopefully, Vanity Fair will be better.
I bought this game because I loved the cool-looking graphics, plus it looked really deep with all its alternate endings and such. Also, it was by Square Enix, and many of my favorite games of all time have been developed by them. So I picked it up, anticipating another captivating adventure.The graphics were, indeed all that had been promised. The character models were great, especially in the cutscenes, and the environments were pretty. This was the sole element of the game that I was completely satisfied with.The story was OK, although I didn't get very far in it. Before long, though, it began to get annoying. The characters had no personality beyond weak sterotypes, and the dialogue had no surprises or hooks to keep you interested. It was all very bland and cliched. Basically, this was the story: Boy meets girl, boy and girl hang out, both kids' parents disappear in tragic accident, boy wakes up in mysterious land and is arrested for a crime he didn't commit, boy meets sexy girl in thigh-high boots and a miniskirt and, without much explanation, is led through a mysterious secret passage. Yawn.Perhaps if I had stuck with the story longer, it would have improved. But what kept me from progressing in the game was the combat. It has an interesting concept behind it; everything is in real-time, and you can actively dodge an enemy's attacks. Try as I might, though, I couldn't get my character to do anything except rush the monster and wail on it until it died. I learned a few special skills, but the game never explained how to use them. Sometimes, I would manage to pull one off, but it was usually a surprise, as I couldn't figure out what I had done to make it happen. I had heard that the combat was a "joy" to participate in, but it was continually frustrating for me. I couldn't believe that not even the freaking in-game tutorial explained how to use skills.Finally, the music sucks. I know this doesn't sound like a major issue, but believe me, ten minutes with this stuff and you'll feel like jumping out the nearest window. The hotel where the game starts has an irritating, Japanese-sounding pop song; later, a forest area has the loudest, most banging heavy metal you'll ever hear. The soundtrack never fits the situation, and is always horrible.I couldn't stand this game, and I doubt you'll be able to either. This is NOT Square-Enix's next masterpiece. If you're looking for an RPG with a fast-paced battle system, try Baten Kaitos or Tales of Symphonia instead. Don't even touch this thing.
The overriding message of Ever After is this: Strong willed women (even whiney sounding ones) can get whatever they want. And all men are either stupid, ineffectual, or just plain evil. Unless of course they're the age of your great-grandfather (and therefore beyond any sort of sexuality). Then they're OK. Poor Drew Barrymore gets the worst dialogue I have ever seen her stuck with. Angelica Huston comes off looking pretty well, but then she gets better lines. I also have to agree with the reviewer who noted that, for a story set in France, everyone has a curiously British accent, by George! I will concede that the costuming and sets are breath-taking. Indeed, if only this were a silent I might even respect it. As it is the only people I see enjoying this are self-absorbed women or castrated men. Oh yeah, one other thing. Do a DVD search on [amazon.com]. Key in the word "Cinderella". Look at the selling price of the other versions. Notice the difference? There's a reason for it. If you've got a winner, you price it for whatever you think you can get away with. If you've got a dog, you lower the price and hope for the best...
Sally Fallon and Dr. Mary Enig have compiled a comprehensive guide to incorporating coconut oil and other healthy fats in to your life and not gain weight but lose weight. The recipes are not only very easy to use the ingredients are usually available at your local grocery store or co-op.
The fact that this book has received so many negative criticisms is interesting all by itself. And many of those sneering, both here and in the press, are saying pretty much the same thing. One could summarize it by saying something like "Sex in school? Duh Tom, what's the big deal?" And yet that is exactly the point Wolfe's book - that we no longer see what has become of us and that this is a sign of a moral, philosophic and societal failure. Wolfe seems to have no actual suggestions about what to do, but he's exactly spot on with regards to what is happening to us. It may be an exaggeration in points but no one vignette rings hollow. He uses Charlotte Simmons as a prism. She is out of the loop on purpose. And yes for those of you with no experience of small towns there are still a few sheltered enclaves left. I live in one now. I used to live in New York City. I do know the difference. In a way Charlotte stands in for Tom himself (not exactly but in a strange way) and indeed for an older disappearing world. For those who think that this book is no big revelation I suggest that you too are a part of the world Wolfe describes. It is your sarcasm and disregard that he is aiming for. The hostile reaction might come from some sting of poison leaking from your own unnoticed wound. Wolfe is not writing merely for the moment either. He's trying to leave a record behind of the enormity of the changes that have occurred to get us to this state of insanity. If all of this has changed in the last fifty years, where will fifty more years on this road bring us to? Think of that the next time you laugh off a Girls Gone Wild video.
This is a great little tool, compact and powerful. It's useful anywhere you need a little bit of UV light. I can see stores keeping one behind a register to quickly check currency (US paper currency has markings that flouresce under UV light). Most state IDs and credit cards also have UV markings that are hard to counterfeit. Mechanics can use this to check for leaks in your AC (when phosporescent die si introduced to the system). Forensic document examiners may use this to check for differences in ink.It's inexpensive, highly portable, and works well. If you need a limited UV light, this is the tool for you.
Although I heard mixed reviews, I found this to be a great shake maker. Highly recommended!
I am a big fan of Vivaldi and his operas, but when it comes to purchesing a whole opera on CD it can get get expensive. This has a nice compilation of arias from Farnace. Particularly beautiful is the haunting Gelido in ongi vena and the marvelous Io Crudel?, not to be missed, a great buy for the first time Vivaldi opera listener!
Finally, something other than trashy romantic comedies with nothing but bathroom humor. As a nice guy myself, this movie resonated strongly with me. If the story doesn't hit you on an emotional leval, the comedy will at least have you laughing out loud. Kevin James, stealing every scene, really makes a great combo with Will Smith.If you're a good guy, you will enjoy this movie. It just might inspire you and remind you that you are not hopeless.
Shank is a movie of heartbreak and love.Shank is a movie of violence and sexual desire.Shank is filled with terror, fear and confusion.As the film begins we see the normal guy on guy pick up.They find a place to park; have sex and then the violence.The younger guy head butts the slightly older guyLeaving him bleeding in the woods without his cell phone.A new student arrives and we find the guy left in the woodsIs actually a teacher who has the new foreign student in his class.When he sees the new student with the guy that head butted himHe tries to warn the student and gives him his phone number.He takes it without a second thought thinking he'll never need it.The new student falls in love with the violent guy.They begin to share the foreign student's apartment.Life is good and they both are happy; all is lovely.Until, the gang finds the phone that has videoOf the 2 guys at the beginning having sexThat's when all hell breaks loose.That's when the phone number the teacher gave himComes into play and the movie turns to horror.Will the teacher help his new studentKnowing he's going out with he guy who head butted him?That is for you to see. But there is so much more.I rented it on Video on Demand where it was lovely to watch.My partner and I watched it over and over again.Yes it's a rough movie to experience.Yes there is sex for those interested, we were.Yes it's a movie with a deep meaning and lesson forEveryone out there to learn from, then enjoy.I highly recommend Shank again and again.~ Cornelius
A little too traditional storyline for most probably, but I love Golden Books still even at this age! Bought this for a baby shower-great tales for the next generation!
Apparently, you can't rate a movie zero stars. In light of this film, Amazon should reconsider that policy.In my nearly-50 years, I have watched tens of thousands of movies. And yet I can't think of one that stunk as badly as this picture. The makers of this film try to pass off as "artsy" a film that has no plot, asinine dialogue, thoroughly detestable characters and an unredeemed attraction to gore and ugliness. Val Kilmer should be shot for real for lending his name and photo to this picture. Comparisons to Eastwood's spaghetti westerns are ludicrous.Just poke yourself int the eye. You'll save a dollar and have essentially the same experience.
Some of your other reviewers seem to take it amiss that Adler's book isn't written for everyone. Its written for people who are familiar with some of the basics of the history of the magazine -- who know and perhaps already have opinions about the works of Truman Capote or Hannah Arendt that first appeared in this magazine before becoming successful and extremely controversial books.If that sort of book is not one that will interest you then, well ... this is not the book for you. But its rather goofy to criticize the author for having written a book for someone other than yourself, isn't it?This is an excellent book given its target. Furthermore, I believe that even if I didn't fit the above description of this book, I might have learned a good deal from it about the craft of non-fiction prose. The discussion of the "characteristic structure" of Adam Gopnik's articles, on pp. 243-44, is a little gem of analysis -- and you don't have to have read Gopnik to appreciate it, since most people who read a good deal have reas authors who use the same faulty structure she describes here.
This version of Jesus sounds more like a quantum physicist than a spiritual teacher. The content and energy is very intellectual, lacking the spiritual energy of Divine Love. With a title like "Love Without End", I was surprised to see the topic of Love only addressed in less than 5% of the content. Especially lacking was the energy of Love.I have experienced the Love of the "Christ Consciousness" state in my meditations. It is absolutely profound and life-changing. It is the greatest Love that I have ever experienced.I have also experienced a "Christed" being who emanated a Love much more powerful than my own. Although, I have never met an incarnate person who has embodied nearly as powerful a Love. It is the kind of love that melts you so fully into pure bliss and universal oneness. Words cannot describe this Divine Love. This is what I would imagine "Jesus Christ" to have emanated from his body.I anticipated the messages of this book to be delivered in that same field of immense Love. However this was not at all the case.This book was empty with spiritual energy. It was largely informational, loaded with bits of scientific insight. Yet the insight itself was incomplete. I was able to understand what was being spoken of, but the knowledge delivered was so sparse that I would not be able to clearly repeat the information to a friend. In other words, this book doesn't teach the ideas, it talks about/around the ideas.Furthermore I was unable to find any application of the science being mentioned. I wanted just one method or practice or way to experience adamante particles or any of the concepts. I wanted a way to test what was being taught. But no method was given.I understand that many people will blow off my review since they have not yet experienced deep meditation or higher planes of reality. But for those that have ears to listen, I was deeply disappointed in this book.If the Jesus who is spoken of in this book ever wore street clothes, I doubt I would notice him. His energy was nothing beyond an intellectual scientist, lacking depth and spirituality.Being a scholar and practitioner of the religious traditions of recorded history, as well as an open minded "new age" scientist, I am always very cautious of authors and channels who claim to bring through "the world's greatest masters". Rather than rely on words, I trust the language of love as a direct experience; love is not an intellectual idea or dualistic judgment. Words are empty and can be easily manipulated. While Love speaks truth without deception. The word Love has no intrinsic value, the feeling/energy of Love does.If anything, this book taught me to trust my own inner guidance and direct experience. To stop looking for "the highest of highs", the "holiest of holies", the "greatest guru to ever live". I value this book for what it has taught me. But it wasn't the words of Glenda's Jesus that told me this, I was my own inner self.
This is beautiful music. I was happy to see it on special on Amazon for $2.99. I saw the movie "once" on dvd last week, and hadn't been able to get the song "falling slowly" out of my head.
This movie had a lot of potential but it just didn't live up to it. The death scenes were extremely quick with zero gore. And they didn't even try to give it any kind of suspense or any element of psychological terror.The plot, lighting, camera work and sets were all great. And all the actor did a great job. The only one I had a problem with was the black guy, and it wasn't so much the actor as it was the character. He just never shut up, he was constintly whining about everything.
Perhaps there are enough great recordings of the Tchaikovsky concerto, but this live recording has to come in near the top of the heap for sound quality, soloist, and orchestral playing. The field is less crowded in the Dvorak, and the only performance I've heard that I like better is Maxim Vengerov's. I've heard at least 20 recordings of the Tchaikovsky and about 6-7 of the Dvorak, and this one really is outstanding for both. The Dvorak, if you haven't heard it, really is one of my top 5 romantic violin concertos, the others being Bruch, Mendelssohn, Brahms andGlazunov. Pick up this recording or the Vengerov and I think you might agree.
This was recommended to me as a resource if you're looking to vary your vocabulary in writing, and it's perfect. It's the thesaurus that everyone should have -- you look up a word alphabetically, and a number of synonyms are listed. I'd say the suggested synonyms are more creative and varied than in any other thesaurus I've seen. So handy.
At this point, the-man-who-would-become-Boss, was still in his wordy (sometimes overly so), desperate-streetlife-serenader stage. "Born to Run" was just around the corner and the reasons "this town rips the bones from your back" and "we gotta get out while we're young," contune to be made clear on this psudo-sequel to his "Greetings From Asbury Park" debut.As with the Dylans and Billy Joels of the time, Springsteen has fashioned an entire album of songs that are each small character-driven epics. "Rosalita" is the best-known of the bunch, and probably deserves to be. It is one of Bruce's five or ten best songs; fun, romantic, and desperate all at once.A lot of people also mention "Sandy," but I think the real gem here is "Kitty's Back," a mean piece of blistering blues that, to this point, was Springsteen's most advanced sounding piece of music; a sign of the musician to come on "Born To Run" and "Darkness On the Edge Of Town." Nothing else on "Greetings" or this album is like it musically. Single- handedly, "Kitty" thrusts Bruce into a new era as, at this moment, his sound becomes bigger, his vocals begin approching the stronger, louder Boss we know today, and, not to be out done, the E-Street Band begins to fight back with their own soon-to-be-legendary bravado.This album and "Greetings" are two masterpieces of a work in progress; someone finding their niche, and their true voice. Bruce has never really sounded like this again. The songs endure because they are well-written and emotionally explosive. But when he plays them today they are now played as if they came off later albums, with a sound more akin to the likes of "Born" and "Darkness." Nowadays Bruce yells and growls tunes like "Lost In the Flood" and "Spirit In the Night." The soft-talk and whispers are all but reserved for acoustic performances. And as live performances go, his songs are probably better for the shot of emotional energy (its hard not to see "Lost In the Flood" on the New York DVD and think that's the way the song should have sounded). But in the stereo, its hard not to to be touched by everyone of these songs just as they are.
If there was any question of Steven Barnes ability to write a great novel on his own, those questions are answered by LION'S BLOOD. In this powerful work of speculative fiction, Steven Barnes creates an alternate history where Carthage destroyed Rome, and the New World has been settled by Islam. With Europe still in a tribal state (this book takes place in the mid-1800's) the conquering Islamic states have taken to the practice of importing white slaves from the barbaric (to them) European nations. One of these slaves is young Aidan O'Dere who witnesses his family torn apart and everything he knows and holds dear is ripped apart as he becomes a slave on the plantation of Dar Kush.Through strong character development and the complexity of their social interactions, Steven Barnes has crafted an absolute winner of a novel. Combined with tremendous research and knowledge of the characters social and religous beliefs and values, makes this a book of depth and resonance that will have you turning pages and stay with you long after you have finsished it. Despite what the one reviewer stated about Steven Barnes just reversing the roles of slaves and owners, the truth is that this novel is a wonderful example about the nature of the human condition and that as Harry Turtledove states it "people are people, and chance, not skin color, makes them what and who they are." In our post 9/11 society perhaps we need to remember this a little more often. If you have the oppurtunity to read this book - don't miss it. Highest recommendation.
I would give it 5 stars, but it is rather small. I expected it to be a tad larger.My 8 1/2 months old is in love with it. She has joined Gymboree & I am trying to expand her musical horizon. She just makes the best music with it. Come to think of it, it is good for her hands (the right size). So I do give it a 4 1/2 stars ;)
This is one of the worst movies I have ever saw. No plot whatsoever..This movie goes nowhere. It's a terrible script, the acting is okay, but I don't have a clue why Josh and Harrison wasted thier talents on this piece of garbage.
This is the only Nicole Biography I have ever read. It is written by two English authors. It is long and the print is small, so one must be prepared to spend some time reading it.It covers her childhood up through the time of writing. The authors seem to have done extensive research on Nicole, so appear to have covered all the bases. Her career is written about in great detail and there is sufficient mention of her personal life to keep the reader wanting more.It is not a juicy tell all, though, but instead very respectful of Nicole's privacy. I think one will be surprised to find out the kind of person Nicole really is, the breadth of movies she has done, and also how many of those movies were disturbing and/or quite sexual.An Enjoyable Biography!
Corded blowers are a little less convenient than gas powered blowers but are lighter, cleaner and more powerful pound for pound. I bought this to blow grass clippings and leaves but have found many more uses for it. I no longer sweep the garage. The blower will clean ever nook and cranny in far less time. I used it to blow out a dryer vent that had become clogged with an old bird nest. I never vacuum my car anymore. I use a duster to break up the harder to remove dust and dirt then blow everything out with the blower. I use it to clean the leaves out of my rain gutters and blow off small branches from the roof. I blow out trimmings from shrubs. Spider webs? No problem. I even used it to dry my dogs. I'm sure I'll find more uses for it. I wish I could use it in the house but was inspired enough to buy cans of compresed air for around the house. There's very little in life that can't be cleaned with massive and sustained bursts of air. Great tool. Highly recommended.
I slowly switched all our towels over to microfiber, both these and the waffle weave. I love them because they dry my body nicely and they dry out in plenty of time for the next use, unlike the thick cotton towels we used to use. But I especially love that they don't take up the entire linen closet! I only wish they came in more colors and were finished more nicely on the edges.
Before anyone begins learning about Object Oriented languages they should read this book. Matt Weisfeld does a great job in explaining how object-oreintation works in languages.This book uses a lot of Java examples. Even if you do not use Java I still suggest this book. I used it before I learned PERL
Any music that uses electronic beats as the backbone of the music and not as something to supplement and adorn organic beats & rhythms should never be considered as "Lounge Music"Enough said
This book takes you inside the world of foster care, a place that, you find out quickly isn't somewhere you want to be. The voices of the children themselves tell the stories in this collection of essays. We see things as they actually are: siblings are split up and sometimes never reunited, children's loyalties between abusive or neglectful parents and the &quot;system&quot; are questioned, kids age out of the system and are left to a world they know nothing about without a family to guide them. It is all here. It is all true. I challenge you to read it and not have it make you think long and hard about the way &quot;the system&quot; works and how it affects the kids.
I really liked this device while it was working, but it has a serious design flaw. The on/off switch is the antenna, which pops in and out to turn the unit on or off. After nine months my antenna stuck inside and would not come out again. I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck. Who keeps a sales slip for nine months? Felix Unger? Needless to say, they didn't offer online warranty registration when I bought it. I've heard the Supertooth 3 is better, but who needs this kind of customer service? I'd stay away from these guys. Not only did I waste my money, but now I have to find something else. Bummer!
I think the sound on this album is great. You can hear everything that is being played as it captivates you. COF have changed their involvement of the symphonies and it is mostly duo guitars which is great. Some songs sound a bit like regular metal. This album shows that COF can still change their style and sound after 7 or so albums. To me, this one will send CoF into mainstream. It picks off where Damnation and a Day left off but is much better.the lyrics are quite good. They are shorter but still maintain great words and flow. Dani Filth is one great poet/writer and his lyrics always seem to tell stories and on Nymphetamine they are great and well crafted. Not his best in the lyrical department though.Overall, this album is a step forward from their lackluster performance with Damnation and a Day. It flows well and has lots of melodies (Coffin Fodder and Nemesis for example). Their last album seemed to earn them a bit of a new fan base but still lost a lot of old fans, and will probably still loose the original fans continually on Nymphetamine. I think this album will be more mainstream. They've done good, somehow squeezing their way to a wider audience. They sure have come a long ways and although I am a huge fan of older works (masterpieces even) like Midian and Dusk and Her Embrace I also find an interest to Nymphetamine because of its dynamics/diversity and change of styles. Styles can range from Black/death metal/metal/melodic metal. It's still a very heavy CD. Rich guitars full/fast drumming and pounding vocals that can go from a high pitched scream to screeches to heavy growls.
This CD evokes such a wonderful sense of a long ago time...you may feel you have been transported back to the time of the Renaissance! Two songs in particular deserve special mention. The first is the tital song, To Drive the Cold Winter Away. It is a beautiful, if not very familiar, carol that is unlike any other I have heard. The second is the tradtional God Rest Ye Merry, Gentlemen that truly sounds like it might have in the Middle Ages. It is a haunting rendition of a lovely carol.It is not an easy CD to find, but it is well worth seeking out and buying!
Probably sacrilege, but this 1965 movie doesn't hold up too well in today's age. Just my opinion.Yes, it is dark (with which I'm okay) and somewhat amusing in a biting, satirical kind of way. But it's very VERY slow and plodding...(** SPOILERS AHEAD **))Robert Morse plays a British poet who falls in love with the lady cosmetician while making arrangements for his uncle's funeral at a posh, upscale Burbank funeral home (only dead WASPs need apply). At least that's the concept but GETTING there is probably described as meandering at best.Around half the movie is spent getting the hapless hero TO the funeral parlor... we first start with his venture into LAX... where he promptly gets easily lost... and by the time he presents himself to his Uncle at a Hollywood Studio (looking for a place to stay), we are subjected to a pretty snobby elite of ex-pats who toast pictures of the Queen and swear allegiance to old Blighty while letting the new chap know what's-what.So by the time his Uncle dies (a suicide following a Studio reshuffle), the nephew makes funeral arrangements at the ostentatious funeral home run by a big boss and staffed by the likes of Liberace. It is THEN that he falls in love...I won't give it all away but needless to say, he falls hard enough to overcome her objections... then she gets promoted... then there's some sort of misunderstanding... then then... oh never mind.if you're looking for a fun Ealing-type comedy, then this one ain't it. It is pure satire, a scathing (but fun) exaggeration of materialism and Hollywood and... well, you name it.It was fun seeing SO many familiar faces... but of course, their 1965 B/W versions. Certainly an all-star cast. It differs from the book apparently but I never read the original "The Loved One" by Evelyn Waugh.
This movie is great fun! A total spoof of every cliche cop movie ever made.Simon Pegg and Nick Frost are wonderful as the law enforcers.Although the box says hilarious I wouldn't go that far.Yes its funny but I didn't find myself slapping my knee.Shaun of the Dead is funnier! That's just my opinion and both films aregreat.Peter Jackson has a flash of a scene and so does Bill Nigty.
I had such great hopes for this movie because I enjoyed all of the previous "Bourne" movies. But this is a STINKER! The entire movie is running and chasing without any development of the characters or plot. What a waste of time!!!! Too bad, because I like the actors, but they really should have had some control of the script. This is nothing more that cashing in on previous movies - too bad.
But Letty, the awkward, disaster-prone, girl-next-door, sees that the true Richard is indeed the knight-on-a-white charger that she's dreamed of all her life. The hard part is convincing Richard of that....I don't normally care for reluctant heroes, nor heroines who wear their hearts on their sleeves. But there's something about Jill Barnett's writing that makes it acceptable--the characters, the dialog, the hilarious situations, the suggestion that the most unlikely dreams can actually come true in spite of all odds.I haven't read &quot;Bewitching&quot; either, but you can be sure I will as soon as I get hold of a copy. In fact, I'm going to be hunting as many of Jill Barnett's backlist as I can find!
This book is a masterpiece of political and biographical writing. Buy it not only for that reason, but also because you will understand our times more thoroughly with an understanding of the legacy of LBJ.
This is one of the better Single CD'z ive seen in a while. &quot;How Do U Want It&quot; in my opinion is a SO-SO song, but it's better then most songs out there. &quot;Hit Em Up&quot; I got one word to say about this song and that is WHOA Tupac and Tha Outlawz speak nutin but the truth in this song. Tupac disses Biggie, Puff Daddy, Chino XL, Lil Kim, Junior M.A.F.I.A., Bad Boy ENT., and alot more in this song, when you hear this song Tupac raps very angry, very angry, but &quot;Hit Em Up&quot; might be the best song on this cd.&quot;California Luv&quot; is another great song with Dr.Dre and Roger Troutman. I like tupac put a long version on, but i dont like how he put a Radio Edited version. &quot;2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted&quot; in my opinion this song is average song but like i said tupac takes pride in his music and was the best at what he did, and Tupac made real Rap. I suggest if you dont have this Dont get it cause you wont really like it for most the songs on it it would be good to have for &quot;Hit Em Up&quot; but i if you like most of these songz get the CD &quot;ALL EYEZ ON ME&quot; by Tupac.
Margaux with an x is about a young lady who seems to have it all. Beauty,Popularity and can do about anything without getting into trouble at home. Yet she is not happy she holds a dark secret that happened to her when she was young.She is tired of every boy drooling over her and wanting to date her and most having no content to them. She has a gambler as a father and a mother who just watches television all day. Her life takes a different turn when she meets Danny. He is the total opposite of all the guys she has dated. He is a year behind her in high school he is thin and is not shapely, yet they both start a bond with each other. The book was interesting but after awhile I got tired and could not keep up with the constant bantering and sarcasm of the main characters.
It's ironic that in reading Robert Whitlow's novels to date, the last one I'd get to read would be his first novel. I have to say I've enjoyed all of his novels, each for both the same and different reasons. And while reading his books, you'd think I'd be able to say--oh yes, this was written first and this one written more recently, I honestly couldn't tell which was first, middle or last written except by the date on the copyright page. Whitlow is just that good--and the List is just a great novel.The novel is like a combination of the legal chase thriller that was the Firm or the Pelican Brief with the spiritual warfare made real as done by Frank Peretti. And the good news is--Whitlow puts distills both into a form that is imminently readable and thoroughly enjoyable. The List is a book that once I started reading, I found it virtually impossible to put down. I cared about what happened to the characters of Renny and Jo, seeeing where the journey took them. I enjoyed their budding romance--seeing it in the wonders and pitfalls of an emerging relationship. I also liked hearing about the list and the lengths taken to keep it secret and how Renny learns to signing his name to something can have serious consequences. Hearing the spirtitual struggle of Renny and the battle waged for his soul is compelling and outstanding reading. The novel never lags and always keeps you intereted. Whitlow has done a superlative job with all of his books and the only thing that disappoints me is now I've read all of his books that are currently published and must wait for the wonder of discovering his worlds in a new novel.If you're looking for strong, intelligent contemporary Christian fiction, look no farther. Even if you're just looking for a page-turning, moving and enjoyable novel, you can't go wrong here. The List is another great entry from great author. I can't recommend this book or any of Whitlow's other novels enough.
I myself have often thought about escaping society in much the same way that McCandless did, so I read this book hoping to understand what he learned and felt. You don't get his personal feelings and thoughts though, but instead just an adventure story of what he did. In part, this is due to his sparse journals which don't reveal his thoughts and feelings. Krauker tells the story in a confusing non-linear plot which left me trying to piece together the parts into a coherent journey. Mixing in the tales of others that have gone on isolated journeys did not help much. Overall, the book is confusing and does not help to reveal the deep spiritual meanings McCandless was searching for.
I ran out of ink in my fisher space pen. This was just like getting a brand new pen. I got the bold point instead of medium (what the pen came with) and I think it writes much better.
Every few years, among the dung heap of crappy movies comes along a masterpiece. This is one of them. Ok, it's not Gone With The Wind, but it's still a classic. You leave the film wanting more, but knowing a sequel would be a let down. You play back certain parts in your mind, and you wish to watch the movie over, and when you do, you take away even more from the film - my definition of a classic. Who would give this less than 4 stars? I knew it before I even looked, but I looked anyway - Holy-rollers. They can't stand anything that slaps religion in the face. I've been saved.... My sins have been washed away..... even from that piggly wiggly I robbed.... If you can't laugh at something like that, either get the starch out of your collar, or don't buy or rent movies. Just put your money in the offering plate.
From the ashes of Uncle Tupelo we've been blessed with Son Volt! This is one of the best Americana albums I've ever heard. I always preferred the Jay Farrar-penned Uncle Tupelo songs, so Trace is a slice of alt/country heaven. Trace is also easily the best of the three Son Volt releases.My favorite song here is the melancholy Tear-Stained Eye...beautiful! Steve Earle fans might recognize the opening track, Windfall. He was covering it every night on the El Corazon tour. Fararrar wrote every song on Trace except for Mystifies Me, which was written by Ron Wood(Rolling Stones/Faces). There really isn't a weak song on Trace. It is a seamless trip through loud distortion, pedal steels, and heartache ballads. Jay Farrar is my generation's Neil Young...and this is the best thing he's been involved with since Tupelo's No Depression.If you dig Green On Red, Neil Young, the spirit of Townes Van Zandt, Steve Earle or intelligent, emotional masterpieces in general...then you need look no further. Trace is a twilight ride in cool weather with the windows down. It's the musical equivalent of I-10.
For those of you who are looking for the t-shirt look no further than the 3rd volume in the series. By far the best collection of the first session, the DVD looks great and the sound compared to the import version is phenomenal. A lot of people say that ghost in the shell the TV series is not like the original movie! To this I say look at the comic book! The TV series takes it's time and slowly gives you character incite and unfolds in a slower more methodical way then the hard edged movie. You will find that the series does not treat you like and idiot, like your typical Sci-fi program. Here we get placed into a possible future and we get treated some great cyber punk story telling. All in all I can say with out a doubt that this show truly brings the old comic book world to life of the original Ghost in the Shell. Buy this set and do not feel disappointed. My only gripe is that we did not get any cool team up item like the last three volumes.Volume 1st we got a cool CD of the soundtrackVolume 2nd we got a REALLY cool CD of the SoundtrackVolume 3rd we got the collectors box and a killer T-shirtHere is hoping that we get a cool collectors figure of making of DVD in the next installment.
Living thru this time of "music/culture" and seeing these guys more than once during that period, Alvin Lee and the band were one of the most entertaining, if not the best group, on tour at that time.A.E.'s playing is exceptional--but listen to Leo Lyon's bass!
Una de dos: o maravillosamente complejo y mistico, o densamente aburrido. Dependiendo de como este el estado de animo del dia y de la apreciacion hacia el genero que se tenga. Cualquier palabra queriendo describir la experiencia no le hacen justicia, sea lo que sea que Yes queria decir con este disco es algo que cada uno como oyente debe hacerlo, si es que se tiene la paciencia de echarse todo el disco sin levantarse.Si eso se hace, el oyente gana. Esto es progresivo en su mas grande escala y en su mas indescifrable. Y precisamente eso es lo que salva al disco al mismo tiempo que le clava el cuchillo.
I too do not see what the beef other reviewers have with this disc. Out of all other flying discs i have tried with my chocolate lab Shelby the Dogobie 1)lasts the longest 2)is safest on your dogs mouth, gums and teeth 3)flies quite far if you have any kind of adeptness at throwing any other type of flying object. i would not buy another brand.
Jennet Graeme is captured by Sir Hacon Gillard as Scot soldiers overrun a convent. She has sought refuge at the Convent and she is carried away after the raid, while the nuns are raped and murdered and the convent is robbed. She spends several months traveling with Sir Hacon and his men as they fight in Scotland and England. She finally falls in love with him, in the middle of a plundering army and Hacon's enemies. Jennet becomes known for her healing skills and they are eventually allowed to return home to Scotland and move into Sir Hacon's ancestral home. They are married but Sir Hacon leaves again to be wounded and left for dead fighting in Ireland. He returns to Scotland and goes searching for Jennet, who left when she thought him dead. They are reunited and face other trials before they can settle down. A really good medieval story by Hannah Howell. She just tells these so well, weaving in the history of that period and location. If you like her books, I'm addicted, you will like this one.
AFTER READING DRIVEN, I JUST HAD TO FIND OUT WHAT HAPPENED TO NASIR AND ALL HIS WOMAN. "AT THE COURTS MERCY" WAS A GREAT FOLLOW UP. IN THE BOOK NASIR FIND OUT THAT HIS DRAMA WITH WOMAN IS JUST BEGINNING. HIS POOR CHOICE IN WOMAN KEEP HIS LIFE FILLED WITH DRAMA. AND THE DRAMA IS WHAT MAKE THIS BOOK SO GREAT. IT KEEPS YOU INTERESTED UNTIL THE END. I WOULD RECOMMENED THIS BOOK TO ANYONE WHO HAS READ "DRIVEN" OR IS JUST LOOKING FOR GOOD DRAMA FILLED BOOK!
Mickey Skee's book is a lot of fun. He chose a wide variety of stars from different age groups and backgrounds. Mickey Skee is obviously very adept at getting his subjects at ease with being interviewed. I noticed that he revealed that some of the stars who were given accolades for their performances as "bottoms" tended to be somewhat embarrassed and uncomfortable with that honor. (Maybe honor should be in quotes in that case...) Overall, Skee shows us that these seemingly unattainable stars have likable personalities, and are often quite charming.
I typically shy away from buying a series. But this one is more like a long movie. It is original, and it keeps you guessing as the series evolves. (This applies to the whole Lain set.) It is not typical anime in that it is not saturated with violence, gunfire, and nudity. But for a mindbender, it doesn't get any better than this.
I love these log-shaped (Bolster Neckroll) pillows. High utility value as they fit perfectly under the neck as the name suggests or under your feet, and can be placed in the bedroom or at the end of the couch...Excellent damask pattern with the pin-dot and fringe finishing. Stays in shape.
Because of the other review I held back on ordering this Blu-ray. Finally it came down in price so I could give it a try without worrying about a waste of money. But on my 46" Samsung it is absolutely beautiful. Close-ups of the flowers are especially clear as a bell. There are many options for the music to play with it. While I prefer natural sounds, the classical music for me is a good second and I found that really relaxing but there are plenty of other options to try if classical is not your bag. I was glad to have another of these fine videos to add to my library.
I can't believe they would use the syndicated/cut episodes to sell on DVD. I have a DVD recorder and I can record my own cut television off of the air. The main reason I buy season sets of TV shows that I love is because they are uncut.
This is easily one of the worst films ever made. John Ottman's bogus entry into the slasher genere is laughable. This film isn't scary, nor does it even come close. The gore isn't even half as bad as many people say it is. There was only two scenes where the gore was somewhat high, and still, it wasn't even that bad, becuase it's really fake and only is on screen for about 3 seconds.The first UL was an ok movie, with some good suspense scenes. This UL basically says &quot;WE DON'T NEED NO STINKIN SUSPENSE!!!!&quot; and you're left with laughably stupid death scenes that aren't scary. Is it just me, or did the killer look so stupid, it was unbelieved? Not once in any horror film have I sceen has there been a killer that looked so stupid, then in this one, a shmuck in a fencing mask. Even in the first UL, the killer had a somewhat scary appearance. This one, nope, he isn't scary.Another thing, In a slasher movie, aren't the deaths supposed to be slashings? Well, why don't you tell that to the screenwriters. There's only one slashing in this film, and you can barely see it happening due to shoddy direction. As for the other death scenes, they include a deranged window cil, a camera lens with a vengence , two electrocutions (also hampered by shoddy directing), and a hanging. I didn't care less about what was actually happening in the movie, since it made no sense at all. So, I found myself waiting for death scenes, and since most were drab, that didn't save the movie.Also, this film blatantly rips off the blair witch project. It's hilarious.And the killer's motive is laughable. I laughed my way through the pitiful finale. &quot;Those who can't do, Teach!!!&quot; LOL!!!!!!A rotten screenplay, bad acting, awful directing, need I say more? This film blows, don't waste your time
I ordered two of these for my boys, they shipped fast and packaging was great. I am really surprised by the quality of these guitars. These are cheap starter guitars, but the sound and feel of them is comparable to my Yamaha. I highly recomend.
For those who have been around 12-step programs for any length of time, there's a fair amount of old material. That said, this would be a good book for newcomers who haven't heard it before and need to know that there is humor in recovery.
I just saw this movie on pay per view the other night, and I thought it was pretty decent, better than I expected to be honest. Definitely a change from the Vincent Price version of the story, which is fine, because if you aren't going to change anything, why do a remake? Still, I felt this movie was a bit too much like the Texas Chainsaw Massacre. A group of kids on a road trip who end up stopping in a small hick town where they run into some redneck weirdos who are hiding a disfigured brother... hmm. Where have we heard this before? That's my only real complaint about the movie - the changes to the original story made House of Wax just a wee bit too much like the Texas Chainsaw story.On the other hand, it was a cool idea to have the entire town be made up of nothing but wax covered people who were murdered one by one. The action & suspense were enough to hold my interest the entire movie (which isn't always easy to do for me), and the acting was respectable considering the fact that this movie stuck with the usual formula of rounding up a bunch of good looking kids to base the story on. Not a classic - I'll stick with the Vincent Price version - but this newest remake is definitely worth a watch.
Okay, I LOVE young adult fiction and I love mysteries. So, having the two together is a dream come true. If you haven't heard of Sammy Keyes, you really need to pick up one of the books in the series and read it (preferably this title!). You'll be hooked. Sammy, a spunky 7th grader, doesn't take no for an answer and often lets her curiousness get her into trouble. Think of Nancy Drew with an attitude and high tops.This book, the newest in the series, was full of suspense, humor, and action. This one had me guessing until almost the very end. Also, mine came with a free cd, which had a short reading from another Sammy Keyes book, read by the author. Heck, that was worth the money. Also included were a couple of Sammy Keyes songs. If you love mysteries, grab a copy of this book. You'll be hooked on the series!
I love Fred Sanford, anyone who wants a good laugh should buy the whole 6 seasons of this show. I got a kick out of watching this it was so funny. I am an 80's baby and seem to gravitate towards the 70's shows and this is one of my all time classics.
Before you read this book go out and read the other connecting stories. Priceless Gift and One sure thing. This is not The best so far but its still good, I would give it 4.5 stars and the others 5 especially Priceless Gift. I look forward to reading about Kennedy (The Fine art of love) and Trey's story, why do I have a feeling Trey's story is on its way? lol
This is a piece of crapp, it is too small, thin material, and overall cheaply made. Stay away from this if you value your money
This three cd set does cover 20 years of Saxon. But except for the classics from the first 5 Saxon cds"LPs" this item is full of fluff. Great songs include, Dallas 1 pm, Denim & leather, Power and the glory, wheels of steel, and Crusader to name a few. There are also live versions of some of the classics. The biggest problem I have is the drums sound very hollow. I know Saxon never had great production, but I think the analog to digital transfer could have been done much better. One more thing, just like all greatest hits collections they always leave one or two "GREAT" songs of the list, in this case it is The Eagle has landed, one of Saxons greatest songs.
Alice Miller goes into a facinating and undoubtably true acount on how we are often are own worst enemy. We often poison ourselves with comfortable lies that end up causing more damage than we realize both spiritually and physically.The Truth will Set you Free, is a wonderful title for the books content. As someone who has been meditating almost daily for the past several years I have grown to develop an awareness of myself that I did not have in earlier years. So I put Alice Miller to the test. After a meditation session I stayed sitting and relaxed and began to think Aloud the following statements pausing for 3 minutes between each one. 1- He was the best father in the world and he loved me very much growing up. 2- My father never loved me and wouldn't have cared if I died. 3- Though he did care and provide, my father was a pathetic man who loved himself much more than he ever loved me. When I said the first two statements, I felt an inner tension in my gut and upper spine. When I claimed the last one the tension released completely. That's because the last statement was the true one, regardless of how hard it might be to admit. But such tension is subtle and not detectable by most people at first. Alice Miller states that we often take the lies told to us by society and family and embody them, but our bodies/subconscious CANNOT be lied to. And our bodies carry around the toxic lie until finally we find ourselves getting sick. Facing truth may hard for your mind to bear initially, but it's the only thing that alleviates pain in the soul and body in the long run. The only problem I have with this book it offers almost no practical guideline as to what someone can DO to get to the truth. It mentions therapy briefly. Meditation I know works too, but it took me a long time before I grew to an awareness of subtle little shifts in emotion and the body like what I experienced in the 'experiment.' The type of people who would buy this book most likely have already faced their emotional blindness on some level and are looking to learn ways to enhance that- and that practicality is what this book is missing. Still a fascinating and potentially enlightening read.
...I couldn't listened to it all the way through. It is retarded... All of Coal Chamber is horrid and I suggest you never ever get involved with this band's music. They're just really bad.
Yet another re-packaging of Richter's 'Wanderer'; EMI must really believe in this recording. As well it should, since this is one of the better versions of the Fantasy in the catalog. Lots of folks still think this is the best-ever choice, and while I have some reservations, it is definitely exciting. I'm not at all sure that Schubert would have anticipated quite so much banging around the keyboard, but Richter is certainly no novice with this material. The other pieces are fine, though listeners might want to audition Kempff and Brendel recordings, too (if still available).
I've had two Hayward pool cleaners. Both are now broken and pretty much junk. One lasted two seasons, and I just threw away the one I bought a year and 2 months ago (just missed the one year warranty window :( ) The best I can tell after dissecting the mechanisms, the cheap plastic internals are tight tolerance and appear to have a very narrow pressure range that the unit will work in. Also, the plastic internal parts seem to warp. Why? I don't know but as soon as they do warp, it's trash time, the mechanism quits cycling and it will just sit at the bottom of my pool and spin. To pour salt on the wounds, Hayward is out of stock on repair parts and even my dealer can't get them. So I am dead in the water. NO MORE HAYWARD FOR ME!! I am going to try the Polaris 280.
Y'a pas d'comparaison possible. LE Lizzy live, c'est ici, avec &quot;Ro-ro-ro-ro-o-wo-wo-salie&quot; (a great Bob Seger' Rock'n'roll song) et puis vlan ! Na ! Listen to it, NA ! ! !
A few weeks ago, a reader commented and suggested that as part of my book reviews, I acknowledge first and foremost what my expectations of each book were before reading. Thus, I will begin this practice with A Confederacy of Dunces by John Kennedy Toole.At first glance, I must admit that I was ambivalent to this book. I was torn between the story behind the author, the brightly illustrated cover, the fact that this book was written in the latter-half of the Twentieth Century, and the fact that it was awarded the Pulitzer Prize.First, there exists the intriguing and auspicious story regarding John Kennedy Toole and A Confederacy of Dunces. John Kennedy Toole committed suicide in 1969, at the age of thirty-two. In 1976, John's mother approached Walker Percy, a professor at Loyola University New Orleans, with the manuscript. Four years later, in 1980, the book was published and John was posthumously awarded Pulitzer Prize for fiction. More intriguing is the fact that John had written an earlier novel, at the age of sixteen, titled The Neon Bible. This book was one that John's mother Selma wished to remain unpublished; yet, after she passed in 1984, the rest of the family sued for the rights and, in 1989, The Neon Bible was published. Is it a good book? I have no idea, I have yet to read it; however, it does has a four-and-a-half-star rating on Amazon.com. Had John Kennedy Toole known he was sitting on a literary blockbuster, would he have still ended his life so early? Or, would he have continued to write?While JKT's life and the story of publication were intriguing and compelled me to read A Confederacy of Dunces, I was wary at the fact that it was awarded the Pulitzer. The last book I read that received such an "honor" was Oscar Wao. It was terrible. Therefore, I was expecting more political and sociological undercurrents in Dunces. Fortunately, these were not an issue.The cover is brightly illustrated. The man on the cover wears a green hunting cap, a green scarf, and a red sports coat that is much too tight and is about to bust the top button. Atop this man's head is perched a yellow bird. In the background sits Bourbon Street. I had a great desire to know who this man was.Finally, I found myself again dreading the fact that I was reading contemporary literature. In one of his essays, C.S. Lewis advices both readers and aspiring writers to focus their efforts on well written books. In order to do this, Lewis advised reading only one contemporary piece for each five books read. So far, I have found this to be great advice and I routinely find myself disappointed with contemporary lit while pleasantly surprised with classic lit. Being that out of the previous ten books I read, three could definitely be classified as contemporary (Let the Great World Spin, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao, Methland), I found myself dealing with not only the anxiety of staring into the face of a poor ratio, but more pressing, staring into the face of two pretty bad books out of three. Fortunately, I was also reading I and Thou concurrently, which I figured more than offset the balance.A Confederacy of Dunces is truly a comic tragedy. This quirky narrative follows the life of one Ignatius J. Reilly through...well, really through a bunch of nothing. Ignatius is an intellectual who esteems himself to be better than the world around him and therefore, he does his best to remain uninvolved in that world. He spends most of his time reading Boethius and writing the next great commentary on the current state of the world.Unfortunately for Ignatius, Fortuna is out to get him. From the beginning of the novel, Ignatius finds himself at the butt end of a series of unfortunate events. First, he is haggled by a police officer simply for loitering in an arcade while his mother is shopping next door. This even causes a downward spiral in which Ignatius watches, from the backseat, as his mother plows the station wagon into a storefront while she is drunk. Having no income and faced with paying for the damages, Mrs. Reilly forces Ignatius to get a job. Fortuna continues to prey on Ignatius as he loses job after job all the while watching his world crumble around him.While reading Dunces it is easy to see that this is not so much a story concerning characters (all of whom are so far removed from any "normal" archetypes that it is difficult to form personal relationships with them) as it is a story concerning ideas and ideals. On page one, Toole writes the following:Possession of anything new or expensive only reflected a person's lack of theology and geometry; it could even cast doubts upon one's soul.Toole, through Reilly, is mourning the loss of the past. He sees in antiquity a world of great men and great ideas, a world of decency, an immaterial world where worth is measured in the depth of the human soul. Everything modern, to include canned food is "ultimately very damaging to the soul."At every turn, Ignatius does his best to defy convention and rebel against the norm. At this he is successful, while demonstrating a complete lack of ability in every other facet of life. Unfortunately, this leaves the Ignatius a sad, lonely figure whom the reader can simply watch tumble further and further down:for I mingle with my pees or no one, and since I have no peers, I mingle with no one.However sad the book was, in total, I found myself slowing down as I neared the end, not wanting to leave the story behind. John Kennedy Toole produced a masterpiece and left it for the world: not quite comedy, not quite tragedy, but all quirk and one I can say with the confidence of someone who has read no other title from 1980* well-deserving of the Pulitzer for 1980*Other titles of note from 1980:The Bourne Identity - Robert LudlumMidnight's Children - Salman RushdieThe Covenent - James MichenerBattlefield Earth - L. Ron HubbardThe Brave Little Toaster - Thomas DischFor more book reviews and suggestions, please visit: http://www.theunemploymentbenefits.com
Why is the South so different from the rest of the country? It wasn't always so. In our revolutionary period, Southerners were just as angry at British offenses in the North as Northerners were, while Northerners cheered South Carolina's victory at Sullivan's Island just as passionately as Southrons did. Virginians like George Washington and Daniel Morgan fought in the North while the greatest general of the Southern theater was the Rhode Islander Nathaniel Greene.Why did Northern and Southern unity quickly become mutual suspicion and eventually dissolve into hostility? Was race the only reason? To Grady McWhiney, the question is largely a cultural one. McWhiney feels that Southern culture was and is Celtic. Most of the original settlers in the North came from England, while most of the South's early settlers came from the most Celtic regions of the British Isles(Ulster, Scotland, Cumberland, the West Country, etc). These settlers put a Celtic stamp on the South, influenced all who settled there, Celt or not, and brought with them their age-old hostility to the English, a hostility that was(and continues to be)reciprocated by the &quot;English&quot; of the North.Celtic influence on Southern culture cannot be seriously disputed. Anyone who has ever heard bluegrass or country music can hear just one aspect of it. And that North and South are still mutually hostile is also unarguable. The uneducated bigot in the movies usually has a Southern accent and prominently displays a Confederate flag. But I think McWhiney oversimplifies. Celtic influence was there, but it was not alone. As Charles Hudson pointed out in The Southeastern Indians, Native American influence on Southern culture(which McWhiney ignores)was considerable, a fact well known to many of us with families from the southeastern US who have unsuccessfully tried to untangle our genealogies.In short, Cracker Culture is worth your time. Just don't stop with it.
Plot Summary: The brilliant, yet tired, Fallon Jones, head of the J&J; investigative agency needs confirmation if a man suspected of murder is guilty or not. For this assignment, he taps two off-the-chart aura talents, and sends them to a resort in Maui to take a peep at the potential perp. Luther Malone is working in a seedy Waikiki bar that attracts a crowd of broken down psychic talents. He feels broken down himself since his last assignment took a chunk of his pride and gave him a permanent limp. Grace Renquist is living under an assumed identity, and her only mistake is assuming that her secret is safe from Fallon Jones.Jayne Ann Krentz writes couples that will last. Sometimes I finish a story, and I'm thinking the couple should write their names in their books so the breakup will be easier. Not so with Krentz's couples. I have faith that ten years from now, when the sexual fires are banked, they'll endure because their bond is beyond the physical attraction. I like reading those kinds of romances, and once again Krentz, the Queen of Consistency, has delivered a fun, flirty, fast-paced entry to the Arcane Society series.Krentz's characters are the battered underdogs this time around, and as aura talents, they're at the bottom of the Arcane Societies' totem pole. No one respects the aura readers, and this works to their advantage when the bad guys continually underestimate their powers. My only criticism is that Luther and Grace obviously felt so comfortable together almost from the get-go, and I would have liked to see their new partner tension last for a couple of days.For the first time, we get several glimpses of Fallon Jones, the strat talent who holds all the strings at J&J;, and it feels like Krentz is setting the stage for Fallon's story. I only hope that Krentz puts it next on her list, because I'm eager to see the prickly cactus find love. If anything, Fallon needs some help, because his miscalculations are starting to endanger his agents.
......strip him, paint him blue, cut his heart out, chop his head off, and save us all from any more of his stupid,loud, violent, bloody movies! I just wish there was 0 stars for this one - a complete waste of talent, time, effort, and money. Do youself a favor and skip this one - I sure wish I had!
Career or marriage?My Brilliant Career is a wonderful novel that arose amidst the swarm of hop-and-skippity poems of Henry Lawson and the doggerel style of Banjo Patterson (and written by a woman as well!!)It follows the story of a girl growing up and challenging the iron clad conventions of the 19th century society, spanning from deep poverty out woop-woop (Aussie talk for nowhere) to the dizzying heights of Sydney with the 'squattocracy'.Sibella grows up in a typically large Australian family amidst the outback and she is sent to 'be groomed', to live with her aunt and grandmother, the genteel ladies of society. We are immersed into Sibella's head, feeling her frustration, embarrassment and happiness shine through the chapters. The few illustrations dotted amongst the novel also doesn't hamper our imagination of the character, done in sweepingly soft brush strokes that give us Sibella's essence rather than confining us (as is usual) to the one face.She must decide between the (very temptingly handsome) rich man who courts her, and who she too loves very much. Yet if she chooses him, it signals the end of a serious career as a writer. So what would you do? More importantly, what does Sibella do? Read it and you'll find out for yourself!
Yes, VERY Nitzer Ebb like, In fact, it's very hard to tell the difference in vocals (and synths for that matter), vocalist sounds just like Douglass McCarthy except for when he's not yelling, then he sounds like "just some guy..."Comparing this to Nitzer Ebb's "Belief", or "That Total Age". Is very minimalistic and fundamental EBM, true EBM. The album starts off nice and meaty and gets a little monotonous after about the 5th song, then slows down a bit, and picks up again near the end. My favorite track is the last and self-titled track: Totalit&auml;r. It's the most unique of all and helps give the band their own identity.I am glad to see someone come along and pick up that Nitzer Ebb flag where Nitzer Ebb themselves seemed to drop it (somewhere near Showtime). I think Totalit&auml;r as a whole, imho, isn't a solid gold hit, but more in the bronze vein. I think they need to work a little harder on claiming their own sound while keeping that Nitzer Ebb/EBM edge, and diversifying the music a little more. I know they can do it! Keeping my eye out on future releases.My official vote: 3 1/2 starsI would recommend to any ebm enthusiast, but I wouldn't pay $34.00 for it.
This game will amuse and entertain an inexperienced 12-15 year old kid. So if your not in that age range....skip this game.It is dull, repetitive, uninspired. This game was hyped up to sell you on the concept that it was going to be a baudy, risque' game for adults. Well, there is certainly no nudity. There are certainly no interesting game moments. You spend your time playing skill games equivalent to FROGGER to accumulate points to "score" with the targeted female. YAWN!!!!!!!It is brief, dull, pointless. Here is the worst part...the scumbags behind Larry (Sierra- which has been teetering on collapse for years now) are releasing an "UNCENSORED" version that includes nudity. So if you already WASTED $30, you will have to do it again! Here's a tip...if you already own LSL,you can download NUDE patches for the game from some of the popular gaming websites that will make it exactly like the uncensored version for FREE!!!!! Just Google it and you'll find it.Save your money. Teach these guys a lesson by not buying this game. Make them pay in GREEN for doing crappy work, hyping a product and trying to steal/waste your money!
I like this book. Some of the receipes aren't my favorite, but there are some good ones in here. There is also great info in here for everyone about cooking.
It's poor, I thought it could be better, but it's a mistake, the songs are not what I really like in the soundtrack.At least, i left someone that I like so much:- TRAINPOTIING- HOUSE OF AMERICA- TRACKSPOTTING- HIGHT FIDELLITY- VELVET GOLDMINE- 24 HRS PARTY PEOPLE (AMAZING)- I SHOT ANDY WARHOL!!!THAT'S IT!
It's a fun game. If you like Super Mario don't miss. It wasn't as good as previous classic games like SMB, SMB 3, or SMBW but it sure is fun. I played every level except the last one is too hard. I looked up the video on YouTube and decided that was good enough. I hate, hate, hate, when levels are too hard and you have to be a computer to pass them. The last level is the only hard one. I tried about 25 times and gave up and watched the video online. If a game is too hard I'm not going to sit there all day doing the same thing over and over again. This is a great game... except for that last frustratingly repetitious level.
This movie was terrible. It had every overused hollywood action movie cliche. The biggest insult of all was the final scene where one egg manages to survive. Hollywood can't forget their bottom line, no matter how terrible a movie you've always got to leave room for the sequel. I am ashamed that matthew Broaderick would associate himself with such a BAD movie.
What was Willie thinking when he dared to say to the Cinescape magazine that this one would be the &quot;most outstanding and imaginaginative film of 1999&quot;? Worst, he said that Obi Wan Kenobi and Qui Gon Jinn would be no match for him, maybe he thought: &quot;Oh! since I have been the hero on 2 of the most succesful films in history this has to be a hit as well, and to be sure it'll be released around the 4th of july; because since ID4, Men in Black, and Armaggedon were instant box-hits and where released on the 4th of July&quot; This film not only lacks of good storytelling, but on good action, Will's antics don't save this baby, neither the acting of my scuptural compatriot Salma Hayek. In my country this film was on box-office for only 3 weeks. So don't waste your time with this one.
I got a great price on this item from amazon.com. It arrived quickly and programming it could not have been easier. Press button on garage door opener unit, press button on remote, 1 second later, everything is good to go. Like other reviewers have said, this remote is for the units with red/orange buttons only.
I am sorry to say that I must agree with those that are negative on this game...at least at this early hour on release day for the Xbox 360. I will reserve final judgement after many more hours of gameplay. However after my first hour or two I have many of the same impressions others have had. I went in with an open mind, but have come away feeling like I have bought a stinker. For one thing, and I'm sure this will be overemphasized by so many in the coming days and weeks, the voice acting is attrocious. I have not heard this poor of dialogue and voice acting in a game in many years. Granted, I am only a casual gamer, so I don't have an immense library to compare to, but I have played many RPG's and this is definitely a step back in the voice acting side of things. The graphics overall are nice, but the game play can feel choppy. I have extensively played Oblivion and compared to it, this is miserable. Finally, I was REALLY hoping this would become the answer for, or at the very least a very good try at, a really good multiplayer RPG on the Xbox 360. Based on the limited time I played online, it was a very very poor example of one in any way. Finally, the quest system is also horrid. I am actually sorry I bought this much anticipated game. In the meantime, I will give it more time and maybe I will finally come to see what the developers had in mind when they created this game. (This will date me, but...Right now I am feeling like I just got home with the Atari 2600 version of PacMan.) Too bad, I was hoping for so much more out of this game.
I was lucky enough to have seen the original Broadway production and I can tell you that there is nothing can that match this "Zorba." Everything about this show was superior--even better than the movie and the novel. This show, directed by Harold Prince, was as well-integrated as his masterpiece "Follies." "Zorba" is a miracle of a musical that distills the novel into a novel entertainment. Alas, Anthony Quinn revived it on Broadway and it was a disaster.Oh, they just don't make 'em like this anymore. Buy this cd--living proof of how great musicals can really be.
After using the First Response at the same time I used cheapie internet o tests, I found the First Response DID NOT, DID NOT and I repeat DID NOT give me a positive result on the day that the internet cheapie did AND the RE's office test was positive on the same day too. Seriously? Maybe this brand isn't as sensitive as internet cheapies and the ones the doctors use, but FOR THE PRICE of this item, it should be superior. It's not. It's not. It's not. Completely disappointed. I even did 2 First Response tests and neither was positive.
For years I have been waiting for this. Now all the fans out there can trade in their grade Z video bootlegs and get a nice clear picture without the little station identification symbol in the corner.Freakazoid was funny, taking a lot from the old Warner Cartoons (remember how Bugs Bunny would mix it up with real film stars of the day). A recent viewing shows him to be up to date, none of the humor seems to be dated.Now the two bones to pick:First Season 1? Why not both seasons in one set?Some may allude to the Freakazoid Madman controversy. I cannot see it. While both characters have a vague resemblance, one is a teen with a cartoon attitude, the other was a bit more surreal. I cannot find this too be a complete rip off as another reviewer stated. And even if it was (which it is not) the cartoons are of themselves some of the most enjoyable ones that Warner has put out in decades.I think this set is worth the price and I will spend a weekend to rewatch it. The pefect gift for the comic geek on your list.
I admit it, I only got into this show because it was on right after Smallville. I knew Jensen Ackles from his one season on Smallville, and honestly I wasn't that into his role as Jason on that show. I thought the idea for two ghostbusting brothers sounded kind of dumb, but I watched the premier anyway, and I have been hooked ever since. Dean's smart-a$$ mouth, the Impala, and the excellent plots keep things lively. They come up with some very imaginative and clever plots, not just hunting down and killing another ghost each week. This show can be really unpredictable; just when you think you know what's about to happen, it goes in a totally different direction. I feel this show is one of the most underrated and unfairly neglected shows on tv. It has some very intelligent writing and plots, it can scare you at times, and make you laugh as well.
I just watched this movie for the second time and I enjoyed it a lot more than I did the first time and now I can say that it's a very good movie!Usually when I read a review for a scary movie, I want to know how scary it is, so that's what I'm gonna tell!I'm definitely not someone who gets scared easily. I've seen over 1000 horror movies and the only ones that I find scary are The Eye and Shutter (both are asian and are about ghosts)! Movies like Ringu and Ju-On are also fairly scary, but not as scary as The Eye and Shutter. I have to say that, usually, before I watch a movie that is supposed to be scary, I put myself in the mood to be scared (I just love to be scared) and it worked really well with this movie! There are a lot of unexpected scenes in The Eye 2, the sound effects are really freaky, a lot of really weird stuff happens and there are a couple of scenes with a lot of tension! Most of the scary scenes made me jump only, but there are some that made me feel pretty damn uneasy! I don't think that there's anything scarier than a good ghost movie because no one knows if ghosts exist or not and the idea that maybe they exist is scary as hell!Scarier than any American horror movies coming out these days for sure!Note: This review was written in 2007. Before one of the scariest movies ever (Paranormal Activity) was released!
This book would be a real asset had it not been so poorly written, over worded and unorganized. I think for the selling price the writer should have gotten a professional to help weed through it.As another commenter said "get to the point". I don't know if its over packed with useless paragraphs to help bulk up the book or not. I just feel that it could have been written in a much better way.Good information just a lot of digging and time wasting to weed it out.
Tropico. Some have heralded it as the best strategy game of the year, and some have even said ever. Better than Civilization some say. If you like The Sims or SimCity you will like Tropico. Why? You're an island dictator of a small Latin American island. You custom make your dictator, you pick traits (leftist author, biblical scholar, miner, there's over 30 of them), flaws (kleptomania, alcoholic, womanizer, over 30 of these too), rise to power (booze baron, communist rebellion, socialist election, coup, etc)and then start. You start off with a nice tropical island, about 30 populants, your palace, a couple of civic buildings, and a dock. Each citizen has their own political opinions, wants, needs, names, jobs, and desires. There can be up to 700 of them. There are six island political parties:Communists- made up of the poor and the laborers, they want equal wage, collective housing, and to be well fed.Capitalists- made up of bankers, buisinessmen, etc. They want security, upscale housing, low taxes, trade revenues, and tourism.Intellectuals- made up of Professors, journalists, etc. They want libraries, schools, etc.Envrionmentalists- they want to keep the environment soundReligious- they want churches and church edictsMilitary- want high pay and strong militaryAlong with that there are over 90 buildings, such as: rum distillieries, apartments, churches, spas, cabarets, resorts, restaurants, pubs, nightclubs, barracks, mess halls, etc. Each political party has a charismatic leader, and bad things can happen if they don't like you. On the bad side of the military? Watch out for a coup. On the bad side of the communists? Watch out for a revolt. On the bad side of the capitalists? Watch out for a slacking economy, etc. If you don't like a certain individual, you can always brand them a heretic, arrest them, deport them, bribe them, or assassinate them. It's all up to you.The graphics are nice and there's a strong economic system. Looks to be a great game, best of the year.
By far the most underrated show of the 2006-2007 Broadway season, Curtains is a throwback to old fsahioned musical comedies, albeit with PG-13 rated lyrics and book. While showtune snobs will complain that Curtains does not reach the atmospheric heights of "Chicago" or "Cabaret", it is definitely a crowd-pleasing, funny and very tuneful show, the kind that is rarely written anymore.
I can't believe people are giving this new dvd release bad ratings before it's release. I have heard from several sources that this release will have the restored by Paramount from the original negative film version that has never been released in the states. I have not seen this version but have read rave reviews on it's extremely clean and sharp look with perfect brightness and contrast. This print was not allowed to be loaned out for the previous two releases and an inferior print was used. In addition, a friend of mine John Mulholland has done a 50 minute documentory on this movie and he is an expert on both Gary Cooper and High Noon, so it is worth an upgrade just for that. Below is an excerpt from John on High Noon:"HIGH NOON was hailed upon its release in 1952 as an instant classic. It won several Academy Awards, including one for its legendary star, Gary Cooper. It was named the year's best picture by the New York Film Critics Society. And yet, even though it's high on the American Film Institute's 100 Best Films of the Century, HIGH NOON's respect has been hard won, indeed. Perhaps no other classic film has had such a rocky road as this "simple little western."Decried by influential auteurist critics and academics, HIGH NOON has been attacked for being untrue to the western genre - read anti-populist; for being "middle-brow" (whatever that might mean); for being social drama hiding behind the western genre - and muddled social drama, at that; for being the most un-American film ever made (courtesy of John Wayne), etc.However, 56 years after its release, HIGH NOON still powerfully resonates with audiences around the world. When Solidarity needed a universal image to promote democracy and the right to vote in Poland in 1987, they chose Gary Cooper in HIGH NOON, a ballot in his hand rather than a gun. Conservatives and liberals both manage to cite HIGH NOON on the floor of Congress as a metaphor for their competing political ideals. Political cartoonists and headline writers inevitably use HIGH NOON as reference for countless crises. President Eisenhower cited High Noon as his favorite film, as have President Clinton and former Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizuma.On one hand, HIGH NOON has been attacked for being a conservative, damaging portrait of arrogant male paternalism. On the other hand, HIGH NOON is praised for challenging entrenched notions of gender, for exploring masculine anxiety, masculinity as a construct. Feminist critics and academics are offering intriguing and complex new readings to HIGH NOON.Example: Amy Fowler (Grace Kelly) is having her new husband, Marshall Will Kane (Cooper), quit his career, leave his town, leave his friends, marry outside his church, and open a store of her choosing (wearing, perhaps, an apron?). Does Will Kane take on the villains at noon as a final gasp of masculine protest, as a declaration of independence from his wife's control?Ernest Hemingway compared a story's meaning to an iceberg - like the iceberg, 7/8th of which lies hidden beneath the surface, 7/8th of a story's meaning lies beneath the surface.Carl Foreman's bare-to-the-bones script and Fred Zinnemann's equally spare direction are a perfect film correlative to Hemingway's iceberg theory. This taut, seemingly straightforward little suspense western is complex, multi-layered, and perhaps even more relevant today than when it opened 56 years ago.John Mulholland, writer/directorINSIDE HIGH NOON"
Despite the books beauty and wonderful artwork, the writing is horrible and extremely boring. It even manages to screw up the legend of King Arthur.
My Personal Trainer Kardena Pauza recommended these to me. They are organic and super tasty! Best of all they fill you up. I eat one per day and I am good! I am 6' and 200 pounds so if it can fill me up. It can fill anyone up. :) Enjoy!
This book is what all great genealogical books aspire to be. If I ever learn to write, I'd like to be able to write like John Humphrey.Masterfully weaving a combination of history, theology, and a thorough knowledge of the extant records, the author creates a tapestry of knowledge for the researcher confronting baptismal records.While focused in early Pennsylvania before and during the Revolutionary war, that Commonwealth's great flowering of religious freedom allowed many differing denominations to exist side by side. For this reason, the book is not just about Pennsylvania baptisms, but about the baptismal practices, record keeping traditions, and limitations of baptismal records for all the major denominations which found their way to America's shores in this period.Did your Catholics or Lutherans come over later? This book will still help you understand what might be in their local parish registers - both in the Old Country and here in America. And why don't the Quaker's baptize?I could go on with more examples of why this book is outstanding. Suffice it to say that in my personal research, this book helped me to better understand why the baptism records were made the way they were.I particularly enjoyed this book's coverage of the problems faced by parents out on the early frontier when they had an infant to be baptized. The paucity of clergy and the rarity of paper books goes a long way towards explaining the problems you'll encounter when searching for a pioneer baptism.
"A Consumers' Republic" is one of those kinds of books that exists on the premise that it illuminates some previously unknown phenomenon. The book purports to be a "bold, encompassing, and profoundly influential book." I humbly propose that this book is none of the above. "A Consumers' Republic" is certainly not a "bold" book. Quite tepidly, actually, the author makes a weak case that is essentially a rehashing (and a mediocre one at that) of mainstream academic criticisms of popular market culture. Certianly nothing new, the ideas lamely presented by this author were actually prefigured by a factor of centuries by actual scholars such as Smith, Marx, and de Toqueville. Not bold for sure, but also lacking nuance; "A Consumers' Republic" condescends to its readers and its subjects alike. And is this book "profoundly influential," as the jacket pompously asserts? I hope not.
I ordered this very item off e-bay maybe two years ago. It was ten bucks brand new. I'd have gladly paid double. Not only do I love this shirt, but everybody else seems to also. I have been stopped countless times; some strike up conversations about the Boss, some love the color and detail (there are cheaper versions of this shirt with just a scan of the album cover across the chest, but this one has the songs listed bold and large across the back in overlapping red, white and blue viberant color, and includes the release date of the album, the front says "Bruce Springsteen and the E-Street Band/Born In the USA" on the front as opposed to just the picture), one girl stopped in front of me, let out a gasp, and demanded,"where did you get that shirt," as if she was going to tear it off me. It's years and many washings (inside out) later and it still looks great. I thought I had a real find when I came across it. Now I see its on Amazon for all to buy. And all should.
If you like mind-bending plots and twists, alternate realities, space travel, aliens, pre- or post-apocalyptic themes, and refreshing originality, then you HAVE to read this book. You will love this story. Philip Dick is a sci-fi genius. That's a known fact. While reading this book, you will discover how many other stories this one story inspired. And you will most likely go back to read it again.
im just a sucker for all beautiful doc's that come out from around the world. the majestic scenery,the very knowledgeable people who take delight in explaining what they know and how these things came about the very history of the places we love to visit through the medium of hd ws moniters and just thinking if i hadn't spent$10,000 on the set up i could of gone myself but next time so if you see me rambling i really enjoy these programmesthank you the cuz ENJOY i did
We should never forget what ALL people went through under Hitler's Nazi regime.An amazing and powerful film. High praise, to all involved in the making of, "Paragraph 175".Worth every moment. A must see (seeing IS believing, for those who do not believe).
I'm having a wonderful time with this game. Before this, I was playing Galactic Civilizations II, which has gotten a lot more attention from the games press. The strategy model in that game was very simplistic, I thought. Basically, it was just a race against the AI up the technology tree...over and over and over. KOH is very deep, on the other hand, and is much more immersive. The learning curve is a bit steeper, but the time spent learning is well worth it. Replayability is much better, too, than GCII. You can play as any country in historical Europe, and each country is quite different in terms of its strategic pluses and minuses. In GCII, playing as a different race just changes your onscreen character's appearance, and the look of the ships. Otherwise, they're all the same.One other point, to set the record straight: you CAN control the speed of this game, and you can pause it. For some reason, the developers left this information out of the manual. Very unfortunate, as it has led to a bad rap for a very good game. To speed up/slow down, use the -/+ keys. The asterisk key puts you on full throttle. To pause, hit the Pause key. Hope somebody finds this helpful!
I've had this calculator for a couple of months now so have had a chance to test drive it. I also own a TI 89 so can make some comparisons. First thing is when will these companies stop being so cheap and supply hard copy documentation?(Can you hear us TI and HP??!!) I also purchased the two Urroz books, volumes I and II. I would HIGHLY recommend anyone purchasing this calculator to invest in these books. They are written for the HP 49 but this machine is almost identical. It will help you with the learning curve tremendiously and that lack of hard documentation.If you should choose this calculator over a TI for the classroom I would suggest buying it ahead of time and learning how to operate it, especially if you are a high school student as your classmates and teacher will probably be more familiar with the TI.The plus and minus of this calculator is that it has everything you could need. That also means there is a learning curve finding what you need to do. It allows you to use either algebraic or RPN logic. I'm still figuring out which is best in which situation.One of the best features is the equation writer. This allows you to enter something just as you would write it on paper, not just display it that way but enter it that way.It is highly configurable with flag and mode settings. Get to know these. It does not allow a split screen like the TI 89. That's kind of a shame. I also think the TI 89 is a bit more intuitive when doing graphics, a bit more of a learning curve here.It seems to be stronger at doing higher math than the TI 89 with calculus and differential equations. It also has a "step" feature so you can see intermediate results.The keyboard is user configurable which is nice for specialized applications. You should learn to make use of the subdirectory folder system. The biggest errors you can make are having values assigned to variables without knowing it. You want to keep this clean an organized. Using units is not very intuitive and if you will be using units in calculations such as in a physics class spend some time to know how to use them.
I am a really big fan of the Harry Potter books as well as the films, and I must say that--although Half-Blood Prince was not my favorite film--it was an incredible film. To this day, Prisoner of Azkaban remains the strongest piece of filmmaking in the series; but this one closely follows. For those who gave this film a negative review, I can sympathize; but people have to realize what it entails to make a film. It will never be the book. Of course, the first few films followed their stories quite accurately, but the size of the book has played a huge role. As the books have become progressively bigger, it has become more of a challenge for the filmmakers to adapt the story. I think Yates and Steve Kloves did an exceptional job adapting this book. The scenes that needed to be left in, were, and the ones that weren't were chopped off. Many people have complained that the film was boring, but I do not think that has anything to do with how the movie was made. If the movie followed the book, word for word, people still would have had the same complaint. If you're looking for the thrills and adventure that you got in Goblet of Fire, you won't find it here; this film has more of a narrowly-focused plot, whereas in GOF, there seemed to be too much going on for one film. Here, in HBP, Yates chooses to focus on and play up the relationships (since they will be essential for the last film); he touches on certain aspects of Voldemort's past that give clear enough evidence of his origins and why he turned out the way he did; and he builds up an obvious tension for a climax that will inevitably occur in the last film. Not only does Yates deliver a more subtle film, but he delivers one of the best looking films in the series. The visual tone and cinematography of this film are top-notch, and cannot be compared to any of the other films, except Prisoner of Azkaban.Give this movie a chance and appreciate it in its own terms. If possible, don't step into it prepared to compare it to the book, because chances are you will be disappointed. Additionally, don't think it will be like Goblet of Fire; the book wasn't even like Goblet of Fire. Many people I know seem to put all the films on a scale with Goblet of Fire, but Goblet of Fire worked more on an action level on par with films such as Transformers and Spider-Man. These stories, as they progress, become more focused on a universal and political dilemma: that Voldemort has returned; and the relationships, because of it, are enhanced and exhibited more fluently. Yes, the films become more dialogue-driven and less colorful; but so do the books. In changing the tone and pacing of the movie, the audience is allowed to witness the threat Voldemort poses in the Wizarding World.Let this movie take you in; it's an amazing work of art and filmmaking.
Wow, Sony has gone from an excellent dvd company to one that is really getting on my nerves, big time!!!!!!!!!This boxset is unique in that it crams the series into two spindles then gives you a piece of cardboard that is shaped like the spindle holder to cram down on top of the dvds to keep them in place, you lose that, or it bends to much , guess what, ALL the dvds will fall out!Sony makes me sick, they started out with nice slimline cases, they did a beautiful job on Bewitched and the like, even after the first two seasons of Charlie's Angels, they started to get it right, now this? Sony sold out and they lost this customer!Update: Not even an hour since receiving boxset and it has already fallen apart, the glue that holds one set of the spindles came unglued and i noticed the other is barely hanging on,it just keeps getting worse and worse, these are so going back, was gonna keep them and just make cases for Season Five , since i already own 1-4, but not now, Sony can keep them!
I originally bought this as an audio cassette, but, well, those don't last that long. I loved the disc since the first time I heard it. A few years later I bought the the American disc, but it was missing my favorite track: My light. This was a hidden track in the cassette. Well, this import (German version of the disc) has it.
Everyone can relate to the writing of this book. Expecially, the Generations Exers that grew up in the midwest. The story itself is tragically hilarious and entertaing. But it's the way that Eggers writes that really grips the reader. Everything that he talks about is something that can related to in some form.A true enjoyment to read.
...a collection of short stories...each one is preceded by a selection of pre-reading questions and followed by suggestions for journal entries, questions about significant quotations, as well as multiple choice questions and suggestions for further writing...
Like most of Kienzle's books, this one had an interesting plot twist. It was quite difficult to find out who the killer was, and the ending was nothing short of surprising. The characters were fully developed, and all the background of the principal characters showed the reader why they had a problem with the victim. The plot was not only interesting, but easy to follow.
I found this movie at darkmoonvideohouse2.com Surprisingly its a very good dvd quality movie, not one of those VHS copy's. State on the website that its a DVDr, I took a chance and its an excellent presentation, crystal clear.
I saw this and snatched it up without a second thought. Its really a great read. In fact, such a great read that I thank Rosemary Kingsland for helping write it...of course under Bramwell's directive. Its a great book about the Beatles.Especially the early years. I love the Beatles, but I am far from a factual fanatic...but I found it very interesting to know that G. Harrison's dad was a bus driver in Liverpool and that most Beatle era kids traveled around via bus at the time, both to and from gigs, and who got off the bus first..and who lived in the better neighborhood..and what hilarious (dangerous) mischief they got into as kids...even the beatings they endured from the Teds are described in detail. Also, the part time butcher delivery job George had. You get this just from the first few pages of the book.Actually, about 95% of the book has great trivia of this sort. To me, its the trivials that are the most appealing at this point in time. Things like Paul and John being so Irish, and their families musical backgrounds and who's houses they hung out at and what their moms served them for snacks...and about their extended families..Its all just great stuff to read...even up till the very end where it describes how they orchestrated (to the consternation of George Martin) the final vocal harmonic note(s) of "She Loves You"...(Can you hear it?). Thats the stuff I wanted to read about and thats what this book delivered.Even though the last 5% of the book was most likely devoted to obligatory name dropping, who cares. Its really a fun read.
A great book for the aspiring CCNA. This is the #1 CCNA book on the market today. Grab the latest edition for the most up-to-date test coverage.The only thing that would have made this book better, would have been error correction. Be sure to check Sybex's website for all the errata corrections.
Fantastic. Cooked the chicken under a brick and bread salad recently (used a grown chicken instead of 4 babies). Fabulous! Pretty simple recipes, authentic and just delicious.
We purchased this wooden food to go with the wooden kitchen we bought our 2 year old and 3 year old for Christmas. After seeing the box dimensions on Amazon, I worried that the food would be too small for them to play with. (I am very strict about choking hazards being around my toddlers.) They are actually a good size. Not too big to play with but not so small they could choke on them. The kids love them! Although, since they are wood, they are hard when they are thrown at one another. (We're working on not throwing things.) I like them and couldn't have asked for anything different. The nice little baskets provide a nice place to store the food in their kitchen. It has been fun explaining the differences in vegetables, fruit, bread, and meat to the kids who apparently find it important to keep them separate. A nice, unexpected introduction into teaching about food groups and balanced eating.
I first heard Feuermann's version, and then this one. I have to say there is no comparison. I can't say Rostropovich is a bad cellist, but he seems to have very different philosophy and style as Feuermann, and I just can't find his playing a treat.
don't get me wrong- I love the gossip girl books! but, the thing is, that they never seem to go anywere. in each book there are just new hook-ups: Blair and Nate, Nate and Serena, Serna and Dan, and on and on! the characters never grow! it makes you wonder: why do we care? but, they are rich and cool, and we want to be like them, so we read on. these are fun books anyways. once you start its hard to stop.
On this live CD are the best songs from their albums "Over the hump", "Almost heaven" and "Growin up". I have been to four Kelly Family - concerts and I enjoed all of them. They are great livesingers and sound on concerts just as good as on their records.But it's a pity that there are no new songs on it - only the drum solo.
The author appears, understandably, to be spending all her time getting tenure, no longer blogging. I check every few months, hoping for a reappearance.
Okay. Here we go again with someone's opinion about what it takes to be "saved." Saved from what??? The message that the author threw out about why she didn't get the speeding ticket was that because she was speaking in tongues. However, the Bible says to obey the laws of the land. When we disobey the laws of the land, we disobey the word of God. So please don't speed. There's a time and place for tongues. The life you save might be your own. Okay. With that said, I'll move on.I did not like the way the story was written -- junior high style. Editing was poor. Tenses were changing -- sometimes in the same sentence. Things went from one extreme to another without detailed explanation. Zakia and Jay could have been a beautiful story if written by a seasoned author. Nikki's testimony should have been kept as a separate book, but her life was too neatly packaged, void of passion (struggle). To say the least, I was really disappointed with this read.I did like what the author stated on page 99, "sold-out-for-Jesus . . . tolerant of others." Also, it takes more than repeating the so-called "sinner's prayer" to make it in the kingdom of God. You have to live a Holy life. There aren't gonna be as many people as the church world thinks that gonna make it in.If this story had stayed focused throughout on Zakia and Jay and with better writing, flow and editing, this could've been an entertaining read. The SmithScale gives this a 1.9.
I bought this book after looking at it for about 20 seconds. I was not disappointed. Its' main topic is making tassels out of beads, however in the course of describing, making, and displaying her creations in this book, there arise a lot of different and unusual tricks, techniques and ways with beads. This book is great if you want to make beaded tassels; if you work with beads and need some new ideas and inspirations; or, if the creative well is running dry and you need to graze in some new territory. I do work with beads in peyote, sculptural peyote, Ndebele, brickstitch, squarestitch and wired floral work. I found the instructions in this book for the beading techniques quite good, however, if you have no experience in the above techniques and intend to learn the techniques from this book I don't think that will work. You do need prior knowledge with at least peyote stitch and brick stitch to make many, but not all of the tassels described. Other than that, which is more of a heads up than a critisism, I would highly recommend this book to any and all beadworkers and creative persons everywhere. An excellent and valued addition to my beading bookshelf.
I really enjoyed this book, full of entertaining, believable, sympathetic characters and the alchemy of happiness and melancholy that Amy Tan does so well. The pace of the book seems a little slow in the first half, but once I had found its rhythm and gotten settled in it was quite enjoyable.I think the intro on the dust jacket, which focusses on the main characters' captivity in Burma/Myanmar, does the book something of a disservice. This element of the plot starts comparatively late in the book, and is more of a culmination really than the main focus. Saving Fish From Drowning follows the 12 main characters (admittedly probably about two too many, but hey, they're all good) through their adventures, misadventures, personality issues, and whatnot, with the kidnapping then being the final crucible in which the characters are tested and develop. So it's more of the climax of the book than the story of the book.I did feel like some of the plot was a bit predictable, and with such a proliferation of characters it's inevitable that some are better-drawn than others. But as a whole, the characters were real and involving, and the emotions they evoke in the reader are complex. An enjoyable and highly recommended read.
This book is really about field extensions, Galois or otherwise. The book is understandable for someone with a modest background in abstract algebra (like me), particularly, if the appendices are read first. Only the very few chapters where topology is used are difficult if one only knows about topology what is written in the relevant appendix.The proofs are generally "just right": Not too easy, but also not too hard.Many examples show, what is "meant" by the notations introduced.I found chapter 15: "Ruler and Compass Constructions" particularly interesting and well written.The book has a fair number of misprints, most -but not all- of them quite harmless. These misprints are even found in the index as one reviewer also noted.All in all this is a very good introduction to the subject I think.
As several other reviewers say, this is one of the author's best. This book doesn't so much have the snappy dialogue, but the main characters are two of her most interesting and endearing. Serenity is caring and gentle, with lots of inner strength. She is also on the quirky side along with all the other members of her small family-like community. She makes a nice contrast to Caleb whose life is rigidly conventional until he meets Serenity and senses in her things that he badly needs. Serenity's community is a character in itself, one that you wish were real.
Kittie did an excellent job with this album. They have matured and so have their music. My favorite songs on this album: Loveless, In Dreams, Until The End, Burning Bridges and Career Suicide. People say this is not one of their best albums and it's not as good as their last two albums, so who cares. As long as they're still rockin' and making music that's all that matters.
I have purchased numerous DVD players throughout the years and the Sony Blu Ray player is by far the best out there. It gives me the most clear HD picture far surpassing the old SD DVD players. It automatically determines what sort of DVD you have put into the machine, 480P and up and then plays it at the highest resolution available up to 1080P!! The Movie Studios are backing this machine and not the HD DVD players, and they have certainly made the right choice.
Although the animation seems to be on &#34;early 80s&#34; level, these series do provide lots of interesting facts from various areas. The plot is built around situations when Carmen is attempting to steal various historical objects all across the world while two kids are always there to stop her from doing that. While &#34;investigating&#34; a case, each episode introduces a history and other details associated with each respective item and/or place. Probably will work best for kids 8+.
By Metal-Head-Ted ( Karyn's Husband)Oh my God. Can a movie get this bad? The answer is yes. Simply re-cycle the 'Alien' story and throw in a hot chick and Klaus Kinski and you've got 'Creature': A low-budget disaster taking place in the deepest part of space. There is a reason you'll find this gem sitting on the bottom of the"3 for $5.00" bin at your local video store. Everything is cheesy in this one and the only exciting scenes are the nude girl and the 'Man-In-The-Creature-suit' which was shot exposing the stuntman's real arms as he grabs one of the actors (The stuntman is seen wearing the 'claws' of the reptilian creature, but then we see his own hairy arms!) I'm surprised the director left his name on this one. A usual Hollywood dirty trick is to remove your own name and replace it with the fictional name 'Alan Smithee' if the film is stolen from you or it turns out this bad.
First, off pAper chAse is amazing...I'm way late for writing a review on this album, considering their next amazing album is going to be released a month after I write this. Anyways...this cd is has every element you need. Scary, weird, fun...laced with brilliant tallent. GO see their show. I've seen in 7 times. It's seriously an addiction for myself, A pAper chAse cult member.
don't buy this album, K-Fed is a disgrace to the music business. no one wil ever take him serious, he can't even give free tickets to his show. 6,500 copies thats it soon to be dropped from the label that his ex set up for him. The federation is over as if it ever started. Vanilla Ice is the bomb, so suckers trying to compare K-Fed to Vanilla Ice need to get off the 1991 bandwagon, oh by the way....how do you compare 17,000,000 copies to 6,000. you can't.
Skinny Puppy have lead an interesting musical legacy to say the least. From early synthpop-meets-industromayhem-meets-horror put to music, to layered nightmarish &quot;sound sculptures&quot;, a stint with Ministry founder Al Jourgenson which almost resulted in generic industrial-metal disaster, to the current unfortunate dabblings in what i like to call &quot;crappy rave music&quot;. Skinny Puppy's music is most definitely a required taste, and almost all of their albums require a &quot;warming up to&quot; period. However the time it takes to absorb their music is definitely worth the effort once you develope an appreciation for what they're doing.The great thing about this, their first album, is that it's the easiest to wrap your head around on the first listen, and honestly it's just bloody brilliant. The best way I can think to describe this album is to dub it &quot;Experimental-Industrial-80's SynthPop&quot;. It's dance-y beats and catchy song structures definitely has the ability to hook someone on the first listen moreso than any of their other albums. And perhaps I'm losing you already if you're looking for bizarre abstraction in conventional musicianship, but wait. The music may basically be the early musings of a discography that would contain intense barrages of industrial sound and space, and could be simply written off as Skinny Puppy Lite(TM), but the album really is simply flawless, groundbreaking, and yet still distinctly Skinny Puppy. Ogre never lets up on the disconnected abstract &quot;lyrics&quot; that make SP so great, and the mixture of the Industrial shock tactics and ogre's robotic death-cry, blend into an amazing excersize in horror.I would definitely recommend picking this one first if you're new to Skinny Puppy or Industrial music in general. I would also recommend picking this one up as opposed to &quot;Bites&quot; as it is basically the same idea with all of the fat cut out. The only unfortunate thing about this album is that nobody, including Skinny Puppy, ever really made another one like it.Key Songs: &quot;Smothered Hope&quot;, &quot;Far Too Frail&quot;, &quot;Solvent&quot;
By Season 3, this show had run its course. It almost seemed as though the writers sensed that the show was on the chopping block and tried to cram more melodrama in before they were cancelled. I mean, first the niece was abandoned by her parents, then briefly gay, then bullied by schoolmates and finally confronted with previous sexual abuse by a family friend. That's one mighty unlucky teen. I understand that Christopher Titus had an unusually rough childhood, but this was completely over the top. The writers seemed to pride themselves for being cutting edge, but in the end they relied on the old sitcom staple and focused on a kid to attract a younger audience. It was a clumsy effort.
This is a nice condenced overview of Bonnie and Clyde. If you want a crash course or are just interested in the true story- start here.
Yes it works. It dries fairly quickly, and covers the exposed metal so that the dishes no longer have rust marks on them from he dishwasher.
The Burying Field is one of the best books I have read in a long time .It is a story about a old slave cemetery in the New Orleans that gets destroyed and the man trying to protect it gets hurt and ends up dying .A story of a business man who has bought the property not knowing it is actually a historical cemetery and he tries to keep his name clean but then a body is found of a missing girl in the cemetery and it is not one from the slave days.The way Mr Abel writes it you can almost picture this happening today as so many old cemeteries are being discovered with people doing genalogy .Truly a great read , I will be reading more by this author .
The teen comedy has really gone down hill. Since 'Napoleon Dynamite' we've been deluged with very average films that are labeled genius b/c of a few catch phrases or gross images. The whole genera is a ripped off and extremely dumbed down series of 'Rushmore' remakes. 'Superbad' is right there with the rest of them. You laugh a few times, but mostly it's just woooden acting mixed with overemotive acting, mixed with tired nether regions humor. McLovin is not funny. The big fat kid is terrible and certainly not funny. The other kid is great in 'Arrested Dev,' but in movies seems to languish in his own quicksandish personality. I don't know if it's a bit or not, but eventually he'll need to branch out from the same guy we laughed at....how many years ago? Look, I'm as big a fan as anyone of nether regions humor, but it's a craft that seems to have been lost. This movie is generally boring.
The Keyspan remote is the perfect addition to a laptop setup. I play music through MusicMatch on my laptop, which is plugged into the living room stereo. The remote easily controls the volume setting in the MusicMatch program, PLUS the system volume on the computer (using different keys), plus has start, stop, next track, previous track and even scan forwards and scan back.Even nicer, it does all this while fitting in the palm of your hand. No hulking TV-style bulk. Slim, light and slender. I slip it into my pocket and change volume or track as I move around. If you ever dance in your living room, which my wife and I sometimes do, the remote lets you change volume while you're dancing. Then slip it back into your pocket, it's so small. It's great!There are a number of media players pre-programmed into the software, but it's even more flexible. The included configuration program lets you set any key to any function, your choice.Highly recommended. It's one of those "I don't know how I got along without it" kind of things.
"Master Of Reality" is a small step below the possibly best-metal-album-ever "Paranoid", but it still rocks hard. \m/The guitar riffs are catchy, but they're even sludgier and heavier before (if that's even possible), and the lyrics cut just as deep as they do on the previous album, especially on "After Forever" (it's nice to see a good ol' blast of Jesus Power in a genre that is often stereotyped as 'Satanic'). Other huge hightlights are "Sweet Leaf", which has one of the most frantic, frenzied middle-sections I've ever heard (complete with lightning guitar solos and drumming) and the closing ballad "Solitude" uses only an acoustic guitar and flute, but is immensely beautiful and immensely melancholy.My problems with the album come with the 2 interludes: "Embryo" and "Orchid". Sure, the first one is funny, and the second one is pretty, but they also seem really pointless to me. Because of them, there are only 6 actual songs here, which would have been okay if they were longer (like on their first album) but most of them are around 5 minutes long. There are also no 7 and 8 minute epics like "War Pigs" or "Hand Of Doom" which kinda sucks, considering that's one of the things Black Sabbath does best. Still, this is a great representation of how heavy metal got rocking.
This movie is a family favorite at our house, and, is watched at least twice a month.The purchase was fast and efficient, as always, and we experienced no problems whatsoever.
Low budget horror about a killer that acts like a chicken and gets paroled even though he acts like a chicken!Sounds about right!I probally would have only given 3 stars,but this dvd from troma is packed with hours of extras.I can't say I have ever seen a horror movie with a killer of this sort(Props for the originality).Yeah... it's moronic ,but that just makes it funny as hell.When you see this guy going around making chicken noises it's hard not to laugh.I gather that is the effect they were going for and it works on that level.The gore effects are done well and the acting as good as can be for a z-grade movie.A great pick up for the cult classic lover.
Just wondering after two wonderful releases if Paramount will continue to give us edited episodes, as with the release of Season Three?? This was such a great disappointment after waiting so many long years for uncut and complete episodes. Especially when as others have mentioned that some of these edited episodes have scenes included on TV Land that are missing from Paramount's Season Three release!! This is shameful!! How can they possibly justify using the word "complete"!! Please Paramount, if this is the best you can offer us, then maybe you should warn us ahead of time what we can expect in the future.
This French press works very well - the mesh design filters well and the end result is great. The mesh and press plates unscrew for cleaning (I just checked this), but it isn't necessary, since it washes very easily. It's also compact, so it takes up less space.One caveat:I bought this knowing that a cup of coffee has always been defined as 4 OUNCES. Therefore, this "3-Cup" press will accurately and consistently produce a 12-ounce cup of coffee, which is generally perfect for ONE CUP FOR ONE PERSON. I use it at the office because it's compact and hand washes well. (I dump the coffee grounds in a compost bin and then rinse it out.) If you want to make several cups or serve a friend as well, buy a larger French press.
This story revolves around the DVN, or Digital Vampire Network, a television station with shows like "All My Vampires" and "General Morgue" and stars by the name of Don Orlando de Corazon and Corky Courrant. The Heroine Darcy, is part of the harem, (girls previously belonging to Roman, who found love in the last book, and are now between Masters and in desperate want of one). Darcy was turned 4 years ago, she's a very modern thinking woman who lost everything when she was turned, by Connor, one of the many yummy Highlanders that provide security, all in full Highland garb; kilts, wooden dirks, and sexy long hair. Darcy is hired on by the DVN to produce a new show called "The Sexiest Man on Earth." Where the winner will receive a cash prize and the harem. There's a tense vampire war brewing, we have CIA Vampire Hunter's who call themselves the "Stake-Out" team who think all Vamps are demons in need of killing, in which our hero Austin is a member. Using the name Adam he becomes a contestant on the show to gather information but really to get close to Darcy, he's convinced that she's human and being held against her will. I have to admit that I thought that there was a lot more chemistry between Darcy and Connor the Highlander, but hey, I didn't get a vote. And Austin was a good 2nd.This really is a fun series. Yes, some say it's full of "Vamp clich&eacute;s," but I'm not picky when it comes to that. Part of liking Vamp books, I expect the basics, no reflections and all that. The author has done a great job with all of the elements that she incorporates in this series. It's a mixture of perilous situations with a lot of comic relief. We have the "Malcontents" who prey on humans and usually rape and murder their victims, and the good law abiding Vamps who all just seem miserable with their lot in life. They don't want to be Vampires and that's the one thing that I don't like about the series. When an author goes this route, showing us that their ashamed and disgusted with their natural biting instincts and inventing Vampire Fusion Cuisine drinks like "Chocolood" (blood mixed with chocolate) it takes the romance out of Vampirism and in turn, tends to make their dining experiences a bit disgusting to read. When our heroine has her "Blood lust" moment after being intimate with Austin, with the hissing and red eyes we all cringe. I prefer it when the author can write the scene in a way that any level headed girl would want to get in line to be next. The Hero Roman from the first in the series "How to Marry a Vampire Millionaire" is a Scientist (once a Monk before being attacked and turned) and is constantly working on formulas and ways for them to be "normal" again. So, it was weird in the first that the heroine Shanna did not want to become a Vampire ever, under any circumstances, but has decided to marry Roman, who is happy to have her for however long he can. I will probably continue with the series because of the Characters we have met thus far, but I prefer the route Kenyon and Feehan have taken. This series, like Lyndsay Sands, provides the comic relief sometimes needed in between the more gripping reads and endears you to the characters in a way that you just have to know who you'll read about next. I gave it 5 stars because it is not flawed in any way and is really a great read.
The authors seem to believe that dumbed down language and bad grammar will be more palatable for some readers. That may be true for some, but in my opinion, it makes it an irritating and difficult read. The perspective is very narrow, and there isn't very much real thought provoking discussion. What I also find off putting is that the authors seem to "walk" the reader through a situation, telling you what you would do or think. The authors meander aimlessly around the point before finally getting to it, making it pretty difficult to follow. This book reads like a rambling child who thinks very highly of his own intelligence.
This thing works like a magic healing all kinds of small abrasions, nicks, and scrapes. It heals everything like that and very quickly too. That said (and despite numerous reviews here, whose veracity I question) do not use it as a general-purpose moisturiser. The only component here that is suitable for that is lanolin -- so, if you like lanolin as a mosturiser (it's good, though smelly) buy isolated lanolin and use it. This thing here, in addition to lanolin, contains paraffin (a.k.a. "petrolatum", a.k.a. "petroleum jelly", which is nothing good for the skin), and some medicinal chemical. This grease will actually dry up the skin, especially with extended use. Be careful: this is a medicinal concoction, not skin cream. That aside, again, it's great: it works and it's cheap. Available in all drustores too, but a buck or two per jar more expensive, so get it here with free shipping.PS. Don't use on inflammation or blisters: it'll make them worse. Only mechanical skin damage.PPS. This thing currently costs about nine bucks in drugstores, plus/minus a few cents. I don't see how the online price here is noticeably better. Beware. I go online to buy either what's not available locally, or to get better prices.Added on 10/28/2011: Just FYI: I finished my researches into moisturisers; the results are: the best moisturiser for face is L'Oreal's aftershave; the best all-around moisturiser is Cetaphil (both lotion and cream; I like the cream better but both are fine). Everything else I've tried isn't quite as good (even though it was all two-to-four times more expensive). Go figure. L'Oreal has all the usual crap including parabens in it; Cetaphil is pretty harmless (no parabens, no fragrances, no grease: a pretty neutral product), but not too natural either. Yet these two are the best: not greasy at all and with good humectant properties; neither one clogs pores.
This album is ok... I remember when the song (Ayi Papicito) came out I loved it so much I just had to buy it I could not wait to get it! But... then of course I got the cd infact I ordered it from amazon.com well... anyways when I got it and played it through it just wasent my kind of thing the musica was ok... I guess but I really thought it and the songs were going to be more like the one song ( Ay Papicito) but infact the other ones are more mellowed out!!! It is just not one of my favorite cd's. Hey i'm just being honest with you I mean it's not terrable no there is another song on here that I like called (Soy Asi), actually it is a very good song I like the background music in the song it playes together nicely. But as for the rest of this cd I rate it a 4 out of 5 cause it's just not as I thought it would be. As for the other albums by this groupo I have never bought any other albums buy them but yes if you would like to know I would mabe would consider trying one of there other albums. If I think you should buy this cd well I could tell you of some better ones...!
I didn't write a review before because I found a lot of here then it looks like me unnecessary. However I read a lot of unfair reviews and I would like to left here my opinion.In fact, lele is a very polemic person in lukumi, I guess. I already heard a lot of things about him and also see some discussion in lukumi foruns where he is. Some people say he got the information about this book in a incorrect way, but, sincerely for who want to read the book it doesn't matter.I have a lot of Ifa and erindilogun books and nobody write deep about nothing. The Cubans are the people who are concerned do write more extensively about anything and the africans only publish incomplete Ifa poetry. Therefore, this book here is one the best source available to be acquired. Ones can say it is not complete. Yes can be, but considering every one think he self is better than the other everything is incomplete, it is, some will always say something is missing or wrong.In this case here, I didn't find any relevant error, better, I don't think some one can say there is a error here, because every one has his own method or information.For my self I already compared this book with Cuba Ifa documents (Dice de Ifa), more than one source and the interpretation is the same. Well here is better written, more extensive, etc.. Some times lele is too much prolix, they write too much for say something. Also there is some signs where the interpretation is not clear, is very vague, but it also happens in Cuban Ifa tratados.This book's content is so good or so bad like any other Cuban Ifa source. Also, the Yoruba words are so bad like it is spoken in Cuba, because, Cubans don't know to speak or write Yoruba correctly. Therefore this book only reflects how the cubans use yoruba. If you want you can, like me, correct the words after a hard work. Also you use the prays listed if you want, you also can use your own.The important in my opinion is this book is very extensive and complete. You can use it and also change the procedures to adapt it to your way. Also in terms os erindilogun it doesn't teach how to use the opon and the owo eyo graphical configuration to improve the interpretation, Lele use the wow eyo as an opele, losing a lot of capabilities, but it is a way to use the oracle.I am using this book for a long time together with others sources, cuban or african, and I can say everything here is useful, from interpretation to ebos.There is few books in world about erindilogun. This is one of these.
It really pains me to knock such a promising technology but this product is just not ready for household use. It does some things very well. It covers areas very thouroughly and its navigating system is fascinating. It is very interesting to watch it go into every little corner. The issues are reliabilty. It just doesn't hold up. I'm on my second one since I originally received it for Christmas. I got the Discover SE, supposidly the very best one. Here is why I am strongly encouraging people to not buy this product.1. Its vacuum is just not as good as it is made out to be. It is heartbreaking watching this underpowered toy go over a feather on the carpet to then see it still there after it passes.2. Despite the marketing, it really does get hung up on everything. It would go under a part of my couch and get stuck, and then it tries to raise itself making it get even more bound up. You literally have to re-engineer your living space to accomodate your Roomba.3. It does not save time. The constant cleaning is such a hassel I'd rather just pull out the regular vacuum.4. The company's solution to a breakdown is to be very polite, and offer to exchange your Robot. This then requires a 2 week turnaround, what a hassle. You also get to go and wait in line at the post office, because they ask you to send the brush cover as to make sure you are not trying to get a free robot. Fair enough, I have better things to do with my time.5. There are inherant flaws in the design. You can't service the wheels, so that requires yet another call in, more waiting to receive a kit, which doesn't include the necessary glue.6. Neither one of my Roombas lasted a week in service. I do have dogs and I'm sure the fur is tough on it, but it is advertised to pick up dog hair.It is great in attics. Really does pick up light dust well.
Only six months after buying this machine I began to experience problems. It would not warm up completely and when it did it kept reverting back to the warming setting which does not produce steam. When I went to descale it, the circuit breaker kept popping. I brought it to be fixed and that lasted all of 3 months and we are back where we were. Same problem. I want to throw it off the balcony.I have a Capresso in my office which does not look as pretty but works consistently and makes just as good a cup of coffee.
I'm an intermediate level DIY'er and thought this saw would be more than enough to get the job done. The saw is very well built, has plenty of cutting power (with a quality blade) and folds up nicely when your through with it. The only gripe I had is the fence. It has very little flex but doesn't travel up and down the rails very smoothly. Perhaps that will improve once it gets broken in. I'm satisfied...
A good book,but,could use a little more detail. Following the instructions, I ended having to modify to make my projects work. It is full of ideas. you just need to put them to work.
The best part about this swing is how small it is, and the amount of space it takes up. Perfect for people with an apartment, or small space, or those that need to take it on the go.We stay in a camper quite a bit on the weekends, and this folds up nicely and goes in the back of our SUV.Pros:Travel ability, and storage - A+SO comfortable, the baby just snuggles right inSpeeds are great, and so is the timerBatteries last foreverMusic is great, and is not annoyingPretty quiet operationCons:The toys are in a strange place I think, and I could never get them to face quite right.The strap is hard to adjust.
Anita Diamant writes a wonderful book with compelling characters and a spellbinding story. Anita captures the history, culture, and most importantly, the humanity of her characters. I wanted this book to keep going indefinately. Very enjoyable. Sylvia
This book was a very humbling read. God is more concerned with me, my reaction to my child, and how I point her heart to love and honor the Lord, rather than just having a child that blindly obeys. I want my daughter to obey me and God, and I want her to know WHY. I will definitely use a lot of the advice Todd gives. I was given this book by a mother who has 5 children, most are teens now, but they are sweet, respectful kids who love life! They also are all very involved in church. I want to raise my daughter that way also; and I'm realizing that it takes a lot of patience and time to raise good kids who love and honor the Lord.
Yes, like many people have admitted in their reviews, I too mistook Shakira as a Britney wannabe at first. But &quot;Whenever, Wherever&quot; was just catchy enough that I eventually was compelled to give her a chance. And am I glad I did, because Laundry Service is a fantastic pop album. First off, Shakira has a great voice, powerful and emotive. And unlike most teen idols, Shakira made this her album, writing and producing it in its entirety. And she shows her talents extend beyond her amazing vocal ability, crafting some great, energetic music you can't sit still through, like &quot;Whenever, Wherever,&quot; &quot;Te Dejo Madrid,&quot; and &quot;Objection (Tango),&quot; both of which are here in English and Spanish verisons. She also shows herself just as talented crafting ballads like &quot;Underneath Your Clothes&quot; and &quot;The One.&quot; Even the tracks that didn't quite work for me are still interesting; I might not really like &quot;Eyes Like Yours,&quot; but I still respect her for blending Persian influences into Rock and Roll so seamlessly. This is a great album, and I look forward to exploring the rest of Shakira's catalog.
it starts off a bit slow but in the end it delivers quite well. If anyone has heard of the big game against the banker that a bunch of pro's have pooled their money to try and beat, you will just love this. That is all I had ever heard about it and really wished I knew more. Well this book takes you into the heart of it and explains the motive and drive behind this 'amateur' trying to beat the pro's. Turns out the boy has game. I think he gets a bit too much into the "bankers" personal life and background but I guess you have to fill pages somehow. If it where not for that it would be a 5 star book. I would love to have a follow-up to this book because I know that other big names have joined in the COMBO and there have been some big games, with the pro's not always coming out on the winning end.
I just got finished listening to this CD for the first time today and I must say overall I'm very, very impressed. Bill Leeb &amp; Rhys Fulber are back with a vengence creating a wonderful &amp; mature industrial album. Its exactly the kind of album I was wishing they would make(mostly slow &amp; moody). If your a fan of dark electronic music you should be on your way to purchasing this right now without hesitation. This cd wont be leaving my player anytime soon.
This is the first collection of Tex Avery's cartoons to appear on DVD. The films are uncut and the color is gorgeous. Droopy fans will be happy to see their hero's films in a two disc collection. So much for the good news.Why is "Red Hot Riding Hood" all over the package and case? The cartoon is not included in the collection.There is no reason not to put all of Tex Avery's work on DVD! He's one of the all time great animation directors, and there is nothing here that is as violent or suggestive as a half hour of afternoon television!I would also like to say that this DVD has the worst packaging of any of Warners' collections; it was nearly impossible to get the discs out without damaging the slipcase. Give this A-1 director's work some first class packaging next time, please.
When I began to read this book I first thought that I would be reading a book similar to a book about the Appalachain Trail or a Wilderness book. Although he writes about some of his expierence walking in the wilderness he mostly writes about the people he meets and the life lessons he learns.I was shocked at the end when he finished the book in New Orleans but he writes that he will continue his walk Westward across America and then write about it.If you are expecting a book about being out in the Wilderness this is not it, but if you want to read about a guys stories about his hike from NY to New Orleans with his best pal as a dog I suggest this.
I have not met anyone who didn't enjoy the Golden Girls series. To have this collection assures me that when there isn't anything on television, which is often these days, I'll have a thousands laughs waiting for me.
This power pack does everything it claims. I have used it for camping trips, tail gating, working in the yard, and jumping dead batteries. It has performed flawlessly and I highly recommend it.
My title may be criticized rightly because I am not a real Sherlockian and I am not a member of any of th related fan clubs. However I have read everything I could my hand on relating to Sherlock Holmes since my dad first put his collection in my hands 60 years ago when I was aged ten. I used some of the stories in my classes as a way to encourage critical reading. I read the Doyle books over and over and in recent years have added three long shelves of books by others with their versions of what Holmes would do in certain cases at certain times. Many are very bad, some are very good, however the series by Laurie R. King is the best. I find each more interesting than the last and this one with a Dash of Hammett (excuse the pun) was especially good. Though the series is really more about an extraordinary young woman, Mary Russell, Sherlock Holmes is still the dominate figure. Other authors have tried to have stories where Holmes is involved with various women, even getting married, and have had limited success. Ms. King pulls it off. I was sad when I reached the conclusion. Now to wait for the next one. sigh!
For the first half of the movie I thought "The Interpreter" was going to be good. Then it got bogged down in twists and turns that happened so fast one hardly had time to figure out what was going on. In the second half, new and undeveloped characters galloped in and then out. It was hardly satisfying when one finally learned who the really bad guys were because even the "good" guys seemed like bad guys. I believe I could have understood the plot better if I watched it a second time, but I have no desire to do so because I never found much reason to care what happened.I'm not a fan of either Nicole Kidman or Sean Penn, but her nearly lifeless portrayal of Silvia made Sean's Secret Service man look really interesting. Kidman does not act at all using her face ... it is almost frozen and pretty much unchanging, we have no idea what her inner emotions are. She seems to be a one-note actress wherever she appears. But Penn's face is excellent at letting us know what the interior man is feeling. As he has aged, it seems to me that he has gone past the arrogance and shrillness he once displayed in almost every role.It was the plot in the second half of the movie, however, that did me in ... car chases, explosions, failures of surveillance officers to keep track of whoever they're trailing, and the refusal of Kidman's character to reveal what the cops needed to know ... just didn't jell or make sense.Probably a good thing the two main characters went their separate ways ... Penn displayed a poignant sense of grief for his dead wife, Kidman hardly changed expression as she went through her brother's papers. The plot badly needed simplification and cleaning up. Too many undeveloped characters as well. In addition, somewhere in the film the moviemakers might have found a way to make us care.
This series was recommended to me since our family enjoyed Ellery Queen so much, but hopefully there is an error in the pricing, because almost 50 dollars(current price as i write this review) for 3 discs, clocking in at 360 minutes is not got happen, not by me, and probably not for others in these financially strapped times.So if you are the producers of this series, first off, thank you for bringing it to dvd, but secondly, please think about lowering the price.
Sunbeam Oster Breadmaker Paddle 108962-000-000If you're set on buying this machine, buy three or four of the replacement paddles linked above.I hate to do this, because this has been a very good breadmaker, but the difficulty ordering a replacement paddle has completely killed my brand loyalty. Customer service has been awful, and when you lose your paddle (you WILL lose your paddle), after being given the runaround for a few weeks (months, years), you'll finally get an answer from Salton: they no longer make replacement paddles for this model! GREAT.I'd give it four stars for making bread, and five stars for the price-- but the mess with the paddles is just inexcusable and absurd. This is the Windows ME of bread machines: obsolete before it's even out of the box.
While serial communications is still a black art even to engineers, this book helps to clear out some dust. It's helping me a lot, so I recommend it to those who are PIC micro enthusiasts.One warning though, it's not for beginner because it doen't teach PIC programming in general, it focus on I2C, SPI, microwire, bit-banging,... which means you need some general background in PIC micro and circuit design.
I'm a pro player, play various saxes on gigs, & was looking forward to getting my new strap. I have used Neotech straps ever since they first came out, but it had been a few years since I purchased one. However, upon opening it and putting it on, it felt nothing at all like they used to. It seemed very cheaply put together, and almost like they left off the inner & outer layer of material. They were kind of spongy & bouncy, thus their claim of reducing the feel of the weight of the horn. Well this feels stiff, has very little cushioning, and will take quite a while to actually sit on my neck, as it is now so stiff, it just wants to remain straight. I am very, very disappointed in this, Neotech's quality has gone way down hill, and I will be returning it.
In this book, Pastor Laurie uses the biblical guidance found in the book of Acts to show what the New Testament church really looked like. We have come a long way from them! The author shows us how we can overcome our traditional methods and get back to the point where we can quit &quot;doing&quot; church and get back to the original root and intent of Jesus Great Commision: go out and show the love of Christ and tell others about what He has done for you! Oh, if only we could emulate the first Christians in this manner! Only read this book if you are ready to have your understanding and beliefs of traditional &quot;church&quot; to be challenged and maybe the modern church would begin multiplying daily as the New Testament church did, &quot;41 So then, those who had received his word were baptized; and there were added that day about three thousand souls. 42 And they were continually devoting themselves to the apostles' teaching and to fellowship, to the breaking of bread and to prayer. 43 And everyone kept feeling a sense of awe; and many wonders and signs were taking place through the apostles. 44 And all those who had believed were together, and had all things in common; 45 and they {began} selling their property and possessions, and were sharing them with all, as anyone might have need. 46 And day by day continuing with one mind in the temple, and breaking bread from house to house, they were taking their meals together with gladness and sincerity of heart, 47 praising God, and having favor with all the people. And the Lord was adding to their number day by day those who were being saved.&quot; Acts 2:41-47 (NAS)God bless!
Excellent book, lot of detail! If you are looking to get into some serious armouring, this is the book for you.
Manos: Hands of Fate makes all other B movies look like Oscar material. This thing is so bad, the viewer is nearly left feeling sorry for the people who made it. Home movies are easily better than this. In one sense, Manos seems worthy of some kind of reward because of its consistency in utter nonsense. So look no further. Manos WAS honored with a reward. It received the glory of resurrection by none other than the epitome of cinema sarcasm. And naturally the MST3K staff show no mercy on this flick.Pacing down the highway at about five miles per hour is a family of three on vacation. Joel opens the commentary: "This is the slowest car chase I've ever seen." Mixed up with his directions, Pop makes a wrong turn somewhere and the good guys end up lost in a desert where they happen upon some decrepit motel.The camera focuses on some weirdo standing on the porch known as Torgo. This guy is quite simply beyond any hope of description. He appears to be so low on the evolutionary scale that it is perhaps best to imagine him as a hillbilly without a brain. The character, played by John Reynolds, dons some sort of padding in his trouser legs to add excessive bulge to his knees. He exaggerates this appearance with a sloppy, staggering walk on his tiptoes in short, rapid steps. This ridiculous strut is accompanied by a comical music riff trying to sound like the Twilight Zone theme. I think the idea here was to give the impression that Torgo possessed the hind legs of a cloven-hoofed beast. This was, no doubt, to make him extra scary. Joel apparently interpreted his appearance differently: "Uh. . . Torgo, that is NOT where you're supposed to wear your Depends."Meanwhile down the road a piece, a couple of young hot teens are parked at the side of the highway in a sport coupe convertible, and working overtime on some serious tongue activity! Servo's immediate response is, "Whoa! Manos takes it up a notch!" Joel is equally startled: "Go Speed Racer!" Alas, a couple of cops drop by to clean up the moment and put the family values back into the movie. And boy can these cops act!Back at the ranch, Pop (also known as Mike) decides the family needs to hit the road, but he and his wife, Maggie, suddenly realize that their little daughter is missing! It turns out she's discovered a basement where Frank Zappa's twin brother and about six women are residing in suspended animation.Then the scary stuff unfolds. First, The Master and his wives wake up from their nap, and he decides that Maggie will be his next wife. But the ladies bicker over the fact that a little girl is involved. They decide to settle the matter with a cat fight in their nighties! To hell with the tonguing couple in the convertible; this scene is, as Crow observes, "Probably the reason the movie was made." Meanwhile, Torgo bonks Mike on the head because he wants Maggie for his wife too. This is Maggie's lucky day! The Master is not particularly pleased with that idea, however, so he orders Torgo killed during a sacrificial rite. The Master's wives respond by giving Torgo a massage. Poor Torgo ends up sacrificing one of his hands in a fire ritual, and then runs away with both legs working better than ever!Making sense so far?MST3K selected to capitalize on the character of Torgo. Mike Nelson makes his first appearance in this very episode as none other than Torgo the pizza delivery boy, complete with that ridiculous stagger and musical accompaniment. It's a riot.Also in this episode is a film called Hired. Occasionally, MST3K preceded their featured movie with a budget industrial film, otherwise known as a "short." This one is a customer service motivator by the Jim Handy Organization designed for Chevrolet sales representatives. It was made sometime in the early 1940s. The quality of Manos is so bad that Hired actually gives it a run for its money.For any newcomer, it is worth noting that MST3K is a cult program. It is alternative satire with a touch of slapstick. For those who relate to its approach, MST3K is splendid comedy. It's a nice escape from the excessive sitcom environment that bombards the airwaves. It is simple, direct, in-your-face humor. MST3K isn't for everyone, but if you're curious enough to look into it, this episode ranks among one of the favorites. Viewing under the influence should serve to enhance the ride.Enjoy!
Geared towards fundamentalist Christians this clean comedy has some really funny moments dominated by two of the comedians (Michael Jr and Taylor Mason), but is mostly mediocre. Some of the comedians are downright odd and unfunny. The host, John Tesh, is the most well known of all of the people on the show appears the most out of place on the show as well. I love stand up, consider myself a devoted Christian, and I laughed out loud once the entire run of the show.Many of the jokes are forced or old material and the audience seems to laugh out of politeness, and other times simply don't laugh at all. When the jokes do become explicitly Christian they do alienate anyone who is not a fundamentalist or generic evangelical. For instance, one comedian jokes about James the "brother of Jesus" as if he were Jesus' blood brother, son of Mary. Most of Christendom would recognize that interpretation as an amateur violation of the biblical text. Unfortunately situations like that make the jokes unfunny for many viewers.I would rent this movie before purchasing it unless you are already an established fan of the series.
This book is about makeup for men. Derwald has a company that sells makeup for men.Notice a connection there?
I don't think it's any coincidence that the packaging of this 3-disc set is rather neutral and could represent either edition of the film.So my four star rating is in consideration of everything you're getting here: the original 1951 classic film (presented in remastered High Definition: the picture quality and transfer is absolutely amazing) and you also get the new 2008 Keanu Reeves remake. The remake is not a very a good movie. On it's own, I would only give it two stars. This is a real shame as the acting and special effects are both rather good here. Keanu is often criticized, but I thought he played this part extreemly well. But decent acting and great special effects won't help a poor script (and it's actually the changes I had a problem with, the original script is rather good). The ending seems abrupt and almost driven by budget issues. I would imagine the actors involved felt a bit let down by the finished product.For a while I had been considering buying the classic version of this film, this packages cost the same and comes with the remake. When you think of it on those terms it is a good value.
This book is an excellent piece of Military Sci Fi and a blast to read. One of the best things in my opinion is that it doesn't pretend to be more than that. The main character is likable and approachable. Although the bad guys are typical, and the situations are predictable, they are appropriate for the story. All in all I thought it was a great read and would serve very well as a 'palette cleanser' between heavier (physically and mentally) fare. I look forward to reading the second book in this series.
The title song of this album, "L'elefante e la farfalla," gives a nice introduction to the whole sexiness of the album; however, i, unfortunately, find it to not live up to the quality of the rest of the album. Every song from track 2, "Occhi Siciliani," on to track 9 is a masterpiece of sensual, mature song. He almost has an "eric clapton gone acoustic and italian" type feel but much more arousing in a slow, seductive manner. Each song is an active yet refined suggestion in a luring and totally non-vulgar way. Michele's total allure resonates both in each comprehensive whisper and strum. The listener cannot help but be transported to a richly imaginative, carefree, responsible carelessness of an other-godly world. It is a total sublime seduction of mind and matter. Who would resist such a charming, fetching invitation to a dreamy, ambrosial musical romp? The only other drawback or slight "flaw" that I can point out regarding this cd is that it only has 9 tracks on it. I think that Michele could have been a little bit more generous with his fans when it comes to song quantity. Yet, his purchasers need to understand that although Michele may jip you slightly on quantity, he definitely delivers all quality with this album. I strongly suggest that you purchase this endowment of musical genius.Don't delay to add this sexy italian man to your music collection- Go Michele! Relish in everything delicious that Italy has to offer.
This is a joke, right? The dozens of 5-star reviews have got to be from people in some weird club that gives glowing reviews to boring games for the sole purpose of annoying people. Look, I'm not some anti-Nintendo person; in fact, Nintendo is my favorite developer. And I'm giving this 2 stars overall because the technology is amazing. But this game is no fun, and here are my reasons why.First off: Nothing to do! How can one reviewer say that he/she was "playing it nonstop" when your options are exhausted within minutes!? Hasn't Nintendo seen the excellent "Petz" series by P.F. Magic, where there are literally hundreds of places, toys, breeds and outfits? Here, all you can do is take walks, enter contests, teach tricks, and buy things (I'll talk about these more later).My second complaint: Extremely aggravating voice control. Look, the voice recognition is really cool. The dogs really recognize individual voices. The problem? Well, after you teach your dog a trick, it will only respond after that if you say the command in the EXACT same way. Therefore, I found myself saying "sit" over and over in different ways, trying to find the "right" way. How is this fun!? The game should allow for you to vary the way you say the command at least a little bit!Third: The game takes far too long to "open up". Let's say I want to buy my dog some cool toys. Oh wait, not enough money! Hmmm, how about entering a contest to earn some cash? Nope, my dog's not well-trained enough! Well then, I'll take it to the gym to train it. Oops, not enough stamina to get to the gym and back! So what CAN I do? Play with the 3 toys I have available, wrestle with the painful trick-teaching system, or watch my dog wander around my empty house. What a joy.Number four: Not enough tangible effects. The only things that are tracked on your puppy's "stat screen" are hunger, thirst and cleanliness. Playing with it does not make it happier; there are no stats, such as speed, strength, intelligence, or even appearance, that you can raise. So basically, nothing I did had any impact on the game. What's the point in throwing a tennis ball over and over if your dog seems to forget about it the minute you stop? Beats me.This game is aggravating, boring, and a good concept wasted. The dogs are cute and the technology promising, which earns this 2 stars overall, but there is no entertainment. The only imaginable use for this is to show little kids who beg for pets how boring it really is.
I started reading this as I was interested in German life during the war. In this aspect it was full of very interesting information about how daily life went for typical Germans.The Christianity aspect of the book was there but didn't overpower the book at all. Actually, the book could have easily been published by a non-christian publisher as the story is more centered upon Hansi's life during (and then after) the war, with the religious aspect seeming to be just part of the story and not the entire story (which made the book that much more interesting).
unrealistic, characters multi-dimensionality hinder bronte's abitlity to make a point
This thing crashes every time I try to use it, it doesn't hold a charge,and now the screen seems to be receiving signals when no one is even touching it. Don't bother with the Magellan, stick with Garmin or Tom Tom.
I have bought many running books since I began running a year ago. I would have saved myself alot if I had ordered this one first. It is informative and balanced. I especially enjoyed the information on nutrition. Get this book first and save your money for a good pair of running shoes
That is one of the many reasons I love this Fulci horror classic so much.Don't try and understand how things work in Hell,because Hell has no politics,OR WHATEVER WHO CARES!!! THIS MOVIE ROCKS!!!There is a dilapidated hotel that sits upon one of the 7 gateways to hell(so where are the other 6 gateways?)WHO CARES!!!THIS MOVIE ROCKS!!!Great gore effects and an impressive soundtrack make this a classic in my book. I Highly recommend "The Beyond".Another Fulci I recommend is "City of the Living Dead"which is about the gates of hell opening,or something of that matter,WHO CARES!!!THIS MOVIE ROCKS TOO!!! I'm going to watch "City of the Dead" again with some friends and some green and write a review on this Fulci classic as well.... later....
My wife paid a lot more than the Amazon price for a tin of these mints at a new age type store. I was skeptical about them up until I put one in my mouth. The pear and tea flavors work extremely well together. Of course, green tea is something I enjoy. Those who do not enjoy the somewhat vegetal flavor of sencha may not like these mints.Green tea is not a highly caffeinated beverage. The mild green tea caffeine kick these mints deliver is noticeable but not particularly strong. I like that. Just don't overdo it. One tin of these leaf shaped morsels should last some time.
Having discovered this on the Apple Store while searching for a favorite song of mine, "Someone Else's Story", I originally slapped a bad review on this album. I was unaware that this track was NOT recorded by Ms. Milano, but one of her younger students. Therefore, while I still maintain that this track should be buried deep in the cold ground where it won't hurt anyone anymore, the rest of the album is undeserving of a one star review. She has a fine voice. My appologies to Ms. Milano, with the caveat to better label and title material with your name on it, and be more selective about which students you showcase.And let me guess WHICH two people didn't find my original review "helpful"... I thought she was grateful for having this error pointed out.
One way to describe the style of this one is to throw just about every style of music in a blender, mix it up, and out comes the tasty result. Yuka Honda displays her awesome talent for songwriting, sampling, drum machine, keyboards, etc, and Miho Hatori's vocals, go from soothing such as on &quot;Sugar Water&quot; to absolute screaming on &quot;Birthday Cake&quot;. But, her voice may be hard to listen to at first because of her strong Japanese accent. There's a little mix of everything, and everyone should find at least one song they like on Viva! La Woman.
"Tupac Resurrection Soundtrack" is the latest effort from the late rapper who won't go away, Tupac Shakur (you could even say it's his second effort in two months, if you include that "Nu-Mixx" thing Death Row recently released). It accompanies the new documentary he narrated himself, and includes 4 new songs courtesy of Shady Aftermath records: "Ghost", produced by Eminem, an excellent, creepy parable that, in tone, is a lot like "Hail Mary"; "One Day At A Time", produced by Eminem and featuring him and the Outlawz, a very strong track with two great verses followed by two mediocre ones; "Runnin' (Dyin' To Live)", the single, produced by Eminem and featuring the Notorious B.I.G., which is already a classic; and "The Realist Killaz", featuring 50 Cent, which is about as ass-kicking as you hope. The rest of the 10 tracks (well, let's subtract that 5-second intro) are previously released Tupac material, particularly stuff that most people haven't heard before. His fun debut with the Digital Underground, "Same Song", is here, as is "Holla If Ya Hear Me", from his album "Strictly For My N.I.G.G.A.Z.". Most of the old stuff here is quite good, especially the somber "Starin' Through My Rear View", the only song that comes close to the power of "Runnin'". There are weak spots too: the racist, lazy "Panther Power" shouldn't be here for any reason; "Death Around The Corner" is a good song, but wow, that loop of dialogue played over the hook sure is annoying. Overall, Tupac fans will be happy. Even if you own all the old material, the four new songs easily justify a purchase.
Mr. Siluk's rantings about the book of Revelations and the Apocalypse are incoherent, incomprehensible and unreadable. The subject of the end times is complex enough. This presentation, in what can only generously be called the "English Language," makes no grammatical or literary sense. There are many equally ridiculous expositions about Revelations in the marketplace, but at least they are competently written and understandable. Begin your search with them.
The modem that I was using to fax from my PC died and this was the perfect solution at a great price. I went to a couple of stores and checked out the prices and this was the way to go. No problems istalling on my Vista machine or any issues since. Have been using it for 8 months.
It took me a good while to kick-start this book. I started it and went very slowly. There were a lot of characters and the story was not very clear. I almost gave up on it...The nice surprise came in Chapter 2. All the events described when and after the comet falls were fully absorbing. This book is great entertaining. Its a little outdated (written in the 70s) but it does not matter. Just be patient and "ride" the first couple of hundred pages.
This rich, bloody film about Russia's Time of Trouble is an incredible epic that history buffs, war and action film fans will heartily embrace. it is a definite keeper - one I plan to watch several times over.I thought 1612 would be a nightmare to review. I don't like subtitles. I don't typically care for period epics. Plus, the several of the last foreign films I reviewed were just a waste of my time.Based on true events, this film from Russian director Vladimir Khotineko blew me away. Not once did I take my eyes off the screen. The story was engrossing, the filming great, the acting fantastic. Everything combined into a dynamite picture that immediately stoked my interested in Russia's Time of Trouble.Tsar Boris Godunov and his family are murdered. His beautiful daughter, Princess Ksenia, is spared by the Polish Hetman, who is obsessively in love with her. He plans to marry her to capture the Russian throne.A young man who had a school boy crush on the princess sets out to rescue her - and save Russia from doom. He is deeply religious, worshipping the treasured unicorn horn broken from one of the palace gates before the princess was taken. (The unicorn was revered by mystics during this time.) He prays to God always for strength.Andrey is a barge puller - super strong men who literally pulled barges across the river. They were beaten and bloodied from mistreatment. He escapes his chains and gets to see the princess on a barge he is towing with others.After his punishment for daring to set eyes on royalty, a Spanish trader purchases Andrey. He makes a friend. When the trader is murdered, Andrey assumes his identity and the ghost of the man teaches him how to fight with a sword.These mystical lessons will prove invaluable when Andrey comes face-to-face with the evil Hetman.1612 is one of the best period films I've seen in a long, long time. Andrey's journey reminded me a bit of Braveheart - he would never give up and never give in. He had a duty and he would fulfill it - death be damned.The film was rich in history. It was incredibly clever, the way filmmakers blended modern items with the 17th century so that viewers didn't notice it (unless you know the date the first cannon is used).One thing in this film I have never seen are warriors with wings. The bad guys have these soldiers who wear wing-like backs to their armor. I'm trying to find some historical documents about this - if it is true and which army had them. I believe it was the Polish Army that had them in this film. The closest thing I've found are hussars of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. The photograph with this article has a uniform similar to that of the warriors in 1612: [...].I thought this story must be close to history. However, brilliant director Khotinenko says it is fiction based on the real death of Tsar Godunov in 1605 and all the trouble that followed. What he created was pretty damn close to the truth - with a few modern touches that give the story flare for action film lovers.Here is what I have extrapolated from Wikipedia and a few other sources: Godunov had a tough reign, with terrible harvests, freezing temperatures and economic woes. Godunov was the brother-in-law of Tsar Ivanovich of the Rurik Dynasty. He was a boyar - a Russian aristocrat - and members of the Romanov family - and throughout the nation - felt he was beneath the throne.Several tried to take over the throne. These guys were called False Dmitriys. They claimed to be rightful heirs. Eventually, Poland took control and the Polish king decides to take Russia's thrown so they could all become Roman Catholics. This did not sit well with the people, who turned their backs on Catholicism shoved down their throats and became anti-Polish.During this time, several men of God would go to the mountaintops and stand, weighed down by chains, and pray for their nation. They would not come down - or sit down - until the Time of Trouble was finished.All of this is highlighted in Khotinenko's film. He pulls it brilliantly together through the eyes of Andrey (also spelled ANDREI).In an ironic twist, the princess - who has developed a semi-crush on Andrey - is sent away to a convent. Andrey's friends create a fake ID to make him look like a true heir to the throne - just like the False Dimitriys he wanted out of Russian. Andrey takes the high road, admitting that he is a mere serf and Russia eventually goes to the Romanovs - who are eventually murdered during another cold-blooded royal killing.The DVD extras include a Making Of 1612 that is a much watch. I was nearly as fascinated by this peek into the filmmaking as I was the film itself.For instance, the barge the men were pulling at the beginning of the film was supposed to move with motors. However, the motors would not run. The actors ended up pulling it themselves and got it in one shot. Amazing dedication you would not find in spoiled Tinsel Town, where actors think doing their own "stunts" makes them special.Also featured in the extras are special effects. They show how they created the scene where the Hetman is killed by a sword going down his throat. The Russians did not waste time and money on boring CGI images. They used props to create an incredibly realistic, bloody kill. Their innovation is fantastic to watch.There were times when there were subtitles in both English AND Russian - I believe they were speaking French and Spanish during these times. For a girl who isn't into subtitles, this didn't bother me a bit. In fact, I thought it was kind of cool.1612 is a great movie. You are not tied to the subtitles to understand what is happening on screen. You get it. The battle scenes are bloody - more realism and less gore than you see in American films. It is a fantastic watch - one you may find yourself drawn to over and over again.
TEN YEARS AFTER LIVES ON. THE MAN THAT REPLACED ALVIN LEE IN THIS LINEUP, IN MY OPINION, IS A BETTER GUITAR PLAYER THAN ALVIN LEE.IF YOU WANT A ROCKIN' CONCERT, THIS IS IT...
(Note the title is a joke)I saw this in theater, thinking this was going to be a B rated horror movie at best. Yes it had some very good actors (Richard Dryfus, Ving Rhames, Jerry O'Connel and Christopher Loyd) making appearances with the 3d being corny. Man was I wrong. It seemed the creators took a look at almost every movie with a simular plot, deadly creatures loose with horny, naked college students falling prey. Then took the good things and maybe a few bad and mixed them together.This movie works. Unlike most movies like this, the first half of the movie doesnt get to the gore right away (there are some scenes though), they focus on plot and character development. So if something happens to a character we either are sadened or happy if they have a problem. We also know more of what is going on.Now for the gore, its simple. Its very very very very very gory. I mean what would you expect in a R rated film about Prehistoric Piranhas getting loose on a lake during spring break. I mean have you ever seen what a pack a normal Piranhas do when there is meat in the water, they could eat it up in seconds, so imagine it being people.The 3D was done very well, they really did a good job using the espect whether it was a propeller, Piranhas flying or bits of human flesh and blood.Now the only problem I saw with the movie was the ending. Its half a scene. Just when it gets exciting it ends. No Im serious. Without spoiling it, it was like this (below is not part of the movie)"The group finally escaped the house and when they do, they are shocked at what they are looking at. The camera pans to what they are looking and its.... the end."Another words, they create a new plot twist then end without knowing whats next.The movie could have really gone great if they had continued with what happened at the end. Great movie.
My daughter had the "Fisher Price Jumperoo" and loved it. She loves to bounce. But she was coming to the end of the height and weight requirement so we sadly had to put it away.I knew she would enjoy another toy with motion so I looked at many different rocking horses and I knew instantly she would love this one.This is an awesome rocking horse! Not only does it rock but it bounces as well!!! The body of the horse is a plastic mold which is covered with a cushioned removable cover which has crinkly ears and a tail with little jingle bells in it.Putting this together took about 20 minutes altogether. My husband had to help me out with one part and even he had to use a hammer to "snap" a piece together. However this was not so difficult that I would complain about it.She absolutely LOVES this toy! She bounced within a minute and loved it! The seat is great, you can remove it once your babe is old enough to climb on and off and safely ride without it. She loves the crinkly ears and sitting independant.I love this toy. I love that it goes up to 40 pounds and or 3 or 4 years old. She will really get a lot of use out of this.This is a great investment to last through several kids. Its sturdy and well built. And TONS OF FUN!!!
For 29 years, I used the same Teflon-coated pan exclusively for stove-top popcorn. The popcorn from that pan tasted great. Problem was, 70% of the Teflon had gradually come off (apparently into my popcorn) - not a good thing. So I searched for a similar-sized inexpensive non-coated pan. After much shopping, I couldn't believe that such a pan didn't exist, & I wasn't willing to pay about $60 for some fancy stainless-steel job. I discovered the Whirley-Pop, & it was exactly what I was looking for. No more shaking a mesh-screen-&-paper-towel-covered pan over high heat, making a mess. The Whirly-Pop is simple & easy to use. Each kernel pops nearly every time. It's used 2-3 times per week, but I don't wash it. I wipe it out with a paper towel so that like a movie theater popper, it's seasoned with older oil, imparting a great flavor one can't get with dry, overly-salted, hydrogenated-oil-rich microwave popcorn. I just use a little corn oil to pop it & a little table salt to season it. Be careful, however, with this fairly delicate unit. It'll burn up with high heat & break if you get rough with it. Use medium heat, handle gently, & it ought to last a long while. I couldn't be happier with the results, & the price is a screaming bargain compared to plain-old pans of similar size.
This has always been one of my favorites, though some of the acting is a bit hammy. It's atmospheric, with lush color and probably one of the best gorilla suits ever seen. I was finally able to see it in the original polarized 3-D version last year at the World 3-D Expo in Hollywood, which was a real treat. Star Steve Forrest attended the screening! The film isn't nearly as interesting when robbed of the stereoscopic aspect; but the price is right. If you have the chance, try to catch one of the rare 3-D screenings..
Lightweight, easy to load, worked for me every time.I had a small job and couldn't justify a higher quality model (and didn't need it).I loaded this baby up and shot about 600 nails without a jam or failure. I double shot it a few times, but that was my fault.I would buy it again. And the shipping was on time and as advertised.
Copeland is a band that has an unmistakable sound--take it and add it to five pop classics and you get pretty good results. I bought this originally from a Amazon.com merchant, but after waiting three months and not getting it, I just went out and bought it. And I'm certainly glad that I did! Along with the five listed tracks there is a hidden remix of She's Always a Woman that's really odd.1. Another Day In Paradice (P.Collins)--5/5 This is my favorite song on the entire EP, it sounds the most like a 'true' Copeland song. It also features the best vocals that Aaron puts out on the disk.2. Coming around Again (C. Simon)--4/5 An enjoyable song, but nothing really stood out to me.3. She's always a Woman (P. Joel)--5/5 I love it when Copeland resorts to piano and vocals, it nearly always comes out perfectly. And I love the lyrics and strings.4. Take my Breath Away (Berlin)--2/5 This song gets 2 stars only because it's Copeland and Aaron sings. It is so rediculously cheesy that I have trouble making myself listen to the entire thing.5. Part-Time Lover (S. Wonder)--5/5 This seemed like an odd song for Copeland to cover, and sounds even odder. There's no Copeland song even remotely like this one, and the beatbox is kind of weird, especially the eerie sounds in the background. But for some reason, I love it.
When the case arrived, we were (and are) very pleased with the quality of the item. Since we don't carry our computer around every day we were not interested in spending copious amounts of money on THE super case, just something to protect it and make it easy to carry. We had looked at some of the big box stores and the lower priced cases we saw quite frankly stunk. The least expensive thing we found at close out was $20 and I wouldn't carry a magazine around in it much less an expensive piece of electronics. So this, at this price ($12.50) is a spectacular deal. It securely holds the computer (zipper and velcro) and everything else we need. It's not the case one needs to haul around a computer and a bunch of text books but for small stuff and accessories it has proven to be ideal for our use. Very pleased to say the least.
This is a collection that just makes me grin every time I hear it. It shows you the awesome library of pop that this great harmony group has written. The best compilation of the Beach Boys ever. Runs the whole library from the beginning to the Brother period. You can see how their sound eveolves into the 80's adult sounds. There audience did grow up, you know. I loved getting the &quot;Darlin'.&quot;. &quot;Wild Honey: period. What a bonus. I could never find these great songs anywhere. The songs are remixed in stereo and also the mono versions of certain songs. If they ever come out with an all remixed disc, I'll be the first one on line. &quot;California Girls&quot;, which starts the disc has a sound that is so awesome that if play it loud it sounds otherworldly. If you don't know the Beach Boys, this is a fabulous introduction. If you're a fan, it will put a smile back on your face and will put you back in the surf. Also Kokomo is just awesome. Think I'll take a trip to Bermuda.
This Bakers Edge brownie (or bars) pan is a heavy duty nonstick wonder, but it needs far LESS time to bake than other pans! Using the "metal pan" directions on the box, bake 1/3 less time - they'e probably done! (This pan overbakes easily, especially if preheated.) For instance the Ghirardelli brownie box says 45 min (at 325) for metal pans, and 30 minutes was plenty! Remember: "fresh baked brownies appear underbaked but cool to doneness." Wash this pan by placing the hot pan in a sink of water, letting it soak a few minutes, then simply brushing out the sections. (Never use soap, or put it in the dishwasher.) Then set the pan in the hot oven to dry and be ready for the next time.Before baking, I also heat the brownie pan in the preheating oven, spray the hot pan inside, and fill it immediately. This cuts down the cooking time, but, most of all, the brownies plop right out after they have cooled a few minutes, no utensil needed!PS: One of the best brownie cookbooks Amazon carries is "Brownie Points" by Lisa Slater. Combined, pan & book make a great gift!
This album was essentially the Appice/Keeling band released under the name King Kobra because the Label wouldn't finance it unless there was a brand name attached to it. This is one of the many travesties that record companies put their artist through to make a buck because this music clearly wasn't written to be a part of a King Kobra album most of these songs appeared in a little known film "Chasing Destiny" starring Casper Van Dien, Lauren Graham, & Christopher Lloyd. Both Carmine and Kelly appeared in the movie as well. The song Jessy was written for the Lauren Graham's character "Jessy James" So if you can listen to this for what it is and not what it's labeled for (King Kobra) you may actually enjoy it. The name is just some legal BS that they needed to put this out back then. The production is top notch and I never heard Mick Sweda play better! It's NOT King Kobra but it's not bad either!
I think this is the best work on the usage of words ever written in the English language. Using examples of "good" and "bad" language and imagery from a number of well-known poems, Ciardi does a marvelous job of demonstrating what makes language effective. It is primarily aimed at poetry, but the principles work for expository prose as well. This first edition is the best, being smaller and more direct to the point. The subsequent edition he did with Miller Williams is less well focused, getting so eggheadish in places that it hardly makes sense. There is a later hardcover edition, which I have not seen. It might be simply a reprint of the 1959 edition. I hope so. I would very highly recommend this book for anyone who wants to use the English language more effectively.
I don't see a reason to buy this book. Nothing Stephenson has to say is new or interesting - anybody who'd consider buying the book has most likely read articles about the &quot;OS Wars&quot; for years now. This book rehashes the most commonly made points, seemingly without much thought. More than that, Stephenson makes his points using elaborated metaphors which are so smug and self-assured (and trite - he compares OS's to cars throughout the course of the book), I found them actively annoying.
Vatch's Thai Street Food gave me a more quick and simple recipe guidebook for some of my favorite Thai recipes. They were easy to follow and tasty to eat! One of the most beautifully translated dishes was the "Steamed fish with Chili paste" or the Oo pla, I steamed white fish in beautiful little banana cups (the cups I had made the night before) and presented them to some guests to their excitement and pleasure. The presentation was gorgeous and they were a hit. Recipes are also categorized by region (North, By the Sea, Around Bangkok, etc.) with a bit of interesting history to some dishes which I always love to learn about. Great coffee table book as well, pictures are colorful and beautifully presented.
I just finished reading this one...again! Lucid explanations are embedded in a fantastic story infused with humor. Not much more needs to be said for you know what the book is about from the other reviews.
this is a correct item, it is good product, I use it on my roof job, it is good,and I recommand it to someone.
How many Fighting games currently compile the GameCube's library? So far, in it's undersized life-span only one and a definitely adrenaline-pumping masterpiece at that. Although Super Smash Bros. Melee is a splendid title that bests its processor in every virtual way, it lacks the fundamentals of a hardcore, garishly flashy beat-em-up. Hudson is going to bring just that beat-em-up bouquet by localizing Bloody Roar: Primal Fury. Comprised of every bit of Bloody Roar 3 on the PS2, Primal Fury is a slightly enhanced version. Finished in a fantastic graphical nimbleness, the GameCube's edition easily makes a name for itself. Eighting, the makers behind the game, brings a whole new dimension to their steadily growing franchise.Packed with new stages, characters, and extra gameplay modes, Primal Fury actually seems more of a straight-from-the bloody-box sequel rather than a rehash of some marginal port. If you are skeptical about the GameCube's control scheme, do not cower young mates, for it handles the sweaty brawls particularly well. For those who have had no account on a Bloody Roar title, the emphasis of it is essentially being a true 3D button-smashing bedlam. Expect gut-wrenching combos at outrageous miles per hour, plus the techno, guitar riffs ripping throughout the stages. The difference from the Bloody Roar series to that of other fighters, is that Bloody Roar has a feature that lets players transform their characters into a superior animal form -- a Hyperbeast! Each character has a specific animal transformation, from an insect to a lion to other ferocious beasts. When in Hyperbeast mode, deadlier medleys of combos and strength are unbuckled. Augmenting a nice twist to the fray, this time in Primal Fury, Hyperbeast is no longer activated by filling up on a meter, but can be activated whenever the player fancies. But, at the cost of the player's health. A definite strategic element, Primal Fury is very balanced and the change is much appreciated to thwart a brainless remake of the PS2 original. The fighting system aside, Primal Fury has a rooster of 16 playable fighters, nine engrossing environments, and neck-to-neck combat that has characters on screen look like two juggernauts springing into Rated-R action. Ideally, playing through the game and its available modes unlocks extra modes. Within time all areas such as Time Attack, Team Battle, Training Mode, and Extra Multiplayer ones will be freely accessible.On a graphical mark, Primal Fury is an artistic vortex of seizure-enticing clutter. Overhauling the PS2's graphical engine, the work on Primal Fury is apparent with its beautifully rendered world. From the brightly polished backgrounds, such as Chinese temples, an aquarium, a freeway in twilight, a laboratory, and much more, the game is crafted in an aesthetic fluidity. Heightened with visual upgrading, all the stages and characters have been refined into an expansion of quicker loading processing and a higher amount of detail on the combat side. Running on a breakneck 60fps like most GameCube games, its a wonder how the system can mange to trap all the scenery and percolate spectacular lighting effects to the littlest facet. It's truly an environment felt in an extremely slick costume that is veritable to the achievement of Primal Fury's enchantment.I wouldn't go as far as to say Super Smash Bros. Melee has a bleak fight against a predominate opponent who is best suited for the GameCube, but I can verbalize how much praise and hurrah Bloody Roar: Primal Fury falls under. Adding a dazzling fighter in all its combo juggling and loud bone-snapping battles, this game is welcomed onto the GameCube library. With simplistic controls, a bunch of moves to master, and not to mention a satisfying number of wacky fighters to choose from, Primal Fury is streamlined enough to grab your own bloody copy.
You definitely will not find your eyes glazing over with a bunch of psycho, spiritual mumbo jumbo with this book. It's entertaining and told in a straight forward and simple manner. It's a story. The large print is easy on the eyes and it's just long enough to hold your attention.Most of the concepts conveyed in the book that take on a spiritual nature are towards the end and they aren't complex theories. They are straight forward things for any one to do. I like that. The author is very direct. Do these simple steps and you will be a millionaire. I am not a millionaire, at least not yet anyway. But I do know that I will definitely be there and soon.I also want to give the author credit because he addresses the problem I had that I suspect a whole lot of other people have. You don't know what it is you want to do, even if you could. I always viewed half my problem with earning money to be the fact that I didn't have a goal cause I didn't know what I wanted to do. Well the author addresses this problem in a wonderful way. Take heed and all you want shall be yours.
If it weren't for the price, this would be the single best introduction to the anthropology of religion yet composed. In fact, even with the price, it's the best. Too bad about the price....In essence, the volume is a compendium of classic works on the anthropology of religion, from across the twentieth century. Everybody's here, jammed in hugger-mugger. The organization is thematic, and you can certainly argue that the particular themes are weak or that the works chosen don't always fit them, but really it's the sheer breadth of the articles that makes the volume so useful.If you are interested in the anthropology of religion, the table of contents will stun you. You already have some of these articles xeroxed somewhere -- but where? You may have made copies for your students, or put them on reserve. But then you have to do it again, because chances are the reserve desk has lost them, or some stinker student has taken the copies away so only he can study for the exam.If this book cost, let's say, $50, you could simply assign it and save the trouble. You'd probably require the students to read half the articles, and the rest would serve admirably for additional background reading or alternative viewpoints. Leach, Levi-Strauss, Malinowski, Frazer, Radcliffe-Brown, Homans, Turner, Ortner, Geertz, etc. etc.If you are a professional and don't own this, go buy it: you'll thank me later, when the bills are paid. Try reading it cover to cover: I promise you will learn something, however expert you are, simply by being confronted with this mass of great work in the field.My only criticism, really, is that it's so exclusively anthropolgical in a strictly disciplinary sense. Eliade and his ilk simply don't show up on the horizon, nor the developments that arose from his influence (e.g. Jonathan Z. Smith). Beyond that, I have nothing but praise for the book.Pity it's so damn expensive!
Absolutely one of my favorite movies of all time! Almost perfect mystery puzzle to solve. &quot;Who is Keyzer Soze?&quot; Excellent job by Kevin Spacey who won Best Supporting Actor for his role. Very interesting from start to finish. The ending of this film astonished me enough to watch this whole movie again and again and again. Destined to be a Masterpiece and should without no doubt be entered into the Hall of Fame of film making. A superb film with famous catchy phrases. I personally use this film to judge all others for creativity, dialogue, direction, cleverness, and acting. Very well thought out and directed. Great visuals and additions of scenes to make your imagination go wild. One of the best if not the best endings to any film available. If you have not seen this, I recommend you choose this first over anything else.
I remember seeing the Juilliard play live a couple of times in the mid-70s, not long after this set was completed. Some of the most intense and powerful music-making I've ever heard in my life. For all the beauty of the Guarneri and Amadeus and Italian quartets (other star quartets of that era), no one could touch the Juilliard for brilliance and intelligence and emotion. My five stars here are for the late quartets, the very best performances I've ever heard. Not perhaps sensually beautiful--the Juilliard had a gritty, sinewy, intellectual quality to it--these performances cut to the divinity of this music. I'd make a paraphrase of that wonderful observation of Salieri in the play/movie Amadeus: "It's as if Beethoven were talking straight to God." Too bad these performances are out of print and so costly. If you have the bucks and love the late quartets, though, get a copy. You won't regret it.
In "And Then You Die" Aurelio Zen is alive and on the mend after surviving a car bombing in Sicily. He is now a witness in hiding before he testifies against the Mafia in the United States. Of course, Zen never gets around to testifying because many confusing incidents and unexpected turns come his way instead, some which change his life forever.In this mad whirlwind of events that overwhelm Zen, a few just seem wrong for the story--a stop in Iceland, which is just goofy, and an unnecessary visit with his old friend Gilberto being two of them. Finally, the boat adventure at the end of the book is so fraught with problems that it comes off as contrived and prolonged rather than ironically humorous, as some reviewers seem to think it is.Dibdin keeps consistency with his past books by using some of his usual ingredients. Once again there is evidence of someone higher up in Rome pulling the strings in Zen's life. Zen still muses mightily over many aspects of life: his failures, his stupidity at not seeing things he should have, his prospects for the future. A new woman comes into his life again, promising to add chaos.Some reviewers seem to find this book humorous--as though Dibdin is trying for a laugh in some situations. I did not see that type of humor in this book. It is more that Dibdin sees the absurdity and irony in events that befall Zen. It is almost a dark humor, or at least a cynical one.The quality of Dibdin's series is up and down, but I will always be interested in the Aurelio Zen saga because the character has so many facets. Throughout the series Zen goes from doing his best to solve cases on behalf of others to ruthlessly looking out for himself. It is hard to know what to think about this man. As for this book, it is a lesser entry in the series--definitely wandering with a sort of aimless plot just like Zen's status in the book, but it provides new direction for Zen, or so it seems from the bizarre ending with its promise of more absurdity coming in the next book.
Of all the DS games my kids (ages 10 and 14) have, this one is at the top of their list. They love the heck out of it and have so much fun with it. My only gripe is that it won't let you save more than one account, so if my daughter wants to play a game of her own, she can't use my son's game without overwriting his progress, meaning I'll have to buy a whole new game for her own use. If not for that, I would have given this the full five stars on the overall rating. But it's really cute and the graphics are entertaining, while the game play is both fun and challenging enough for both of their skill levels.
man if you buy gym shorts or pants buy cotton, I hate how the poly blends make you sweat,These are great
An excellent, cultured, lovely publication of poetry, written by the "Tenth Muse", Juana de Asbaje, a nun changed by work and the grace of the Counter-Reformation. A chosen classic collection of the best of female Spanish poetry is offered here, with graceful word games, surprising dilogues, "concepts", amazing metaphors, etc. The splendor of the Spanish language and the freshness and grace of an intense feminine voice.
From a miles away. Fallen Angels is the collimation of the opening trilogy of this Shadowrun re-launch which includes multiple characters from the Shadowrun Duels action figure line. As a few of the others reviewers have stated before, the first two books of this trilogy were not bad and enjoyable; Fallen Angels on the other hand can be described in one word, "disappointing."Let me just start off by saying that this book was very predictable. The moment you were introduced to Midnight you knew that she was going to be the main villain in the trilogy, and after reading the prologue/flashback, this all but confirmed it. There was no plot twist at the end; there was no intrigue or frankly no reason for the reader to keep reading about halfway through the book. Midnight in herself was an okay character, but as a villain her threat rating in fairly low when you have a sword swinging physical adapt, a trigger a happy ork bouncer, a chromed up fixer, and a large troll battle mage after a simple thief who's main physical prowess is that she is a crack shot with the pistol.One of my greatest frustrations with this book was the description of Tir Tairngire. For those of you who are new to the Shadowrun universe, Tir Tairngire is the elven home world which is located in the 6th world around Oregon. Tir Tairngire is supposed to be one of the most exotic settings in the world of Shadowrun and was considered a Pandora's Box for previous Shadowrun writers and campaigns. It was a country so sublime that no author was able to describe it in words. Yet, in Fallen Angels we finally have a story which takes place partially in Tir Tairngire and Kenson manages to describe it as 'just another slum, but with the elven language on the street signs.' The romance between Kellan and Orion was a nice welcoming moment, but the actual moment it came to fruition felt awkward in a sense. In my mind I said to myself "It's about time." about the two of them expressing their feelings for each other, but the dialogue felt rushed. One welcoming moment however was when Akimura explained to Kellan's friends the back story between Kellan's parents, which I would rather read about then what occurred in this novel.I have been a fan of Kenson's Shadowrun novels since Crossroads and a few years ago Ragnarock was one of my favorite books, but this trilogy overall has not been as epic or enjoyable as some of the Shadowrun books which were published in the 90s. I was expecting more from Kenson, and Fallen Angels certainly felt like a book in which he was given a page limit or had to meet a word quota in order to accomplish, rather then a labor of love. I have read better stories from the author and hope that he has another opportunity to bring back Tommy Talon sometime in the near future.
I am a die-hard Civil War buff, so &quot;To Make Men Free&quot; was for me an easy summer's read. I agree with the majority of reviewers that this is no &quot;Killer Angels&quot; but few could be expected to match that high standard. It is probably closer to the junior Shaara's product such as &quot;Gods and Generals.&quot;While billed as a &quot;novel&quot;, the book does not stray far from straight history. What Croker probably should have done is do what the elder Shaara did in &quot;Killer Angels&quot;, which is to focus on no more than four or five characters. Instead, we have over a dozen major characters (some real and some fictional) to keep track of, and as a result we do not get to know them like we do Lee or Longstreet in the Shaara novels. There is not much new insight here, although Croker deserves praise for taking on the egoistic McClellan (explaining his imcomprehensible popularity with his officers) and the political context of the battle's proximity to the Emancipation Proclamation. Most importantly, Croker lays a case that in almost any hands other than McClelland's (or maybe Burnside's), the Union could and would have destroyed the Army of Northern Virginia in 1862 instead of 1865. Lee's gamble (especially in staying on the battlefield the day after the carnage) with a handful of fought-out soldiers bordered on the irresponsible but for the presence of George (&quot;the slows&quot;) McClellan.The descriptions of the actual battle are stong, particularly the fight over the Sunken Road.I strongly recommend Stephen Sears' &quot;Landscape Turned Red&quot; as the best single-volume popular non-fiction treatment of the battle of Antietam, especially for the maps, which Croker's book could have used more of (I cheated and used Sears' maps to follow the action).
It is by now a clich&eacute; that arrogance and myopia contribute to many a downfall, whether the downfall is personal or corporate. This book proves that point aptly. Hubris and a sincere belief that Enron could do no wrong in the world contributed to an atmosphere of injudicious superiority. Combine that tumultuous atmosphere with ineffective, weak-willed executives and poor business management skills, Enron always was a precarious edifice awaiting its fate.At least, such is the narrative that the authors offer. They argue that Enron, over the past 15 years, repeatedly found itself in financial trouble, and, rather than come clean to the Street, used financial engineering strategies to make its numbers appear better than they were. This practice arose out of a fanatical devotion to the company's stock price; the company's stock price would not continue to rise if the company missed the Street's earnings expectations for the quarter. Since so much of the executives' wealth was tied up in Enron stock and options, financial shenanigans became a self-fulfilling prophecy. After all, the authors point out, if most of your wealth is tied up in a company's stock, don't you have an incentive to do everything possible to keep its stock at a high level? Certainly, at this point, financial chicanery becomes more attractive than financial fidelity.Therein lies the fundamental flaw of Enron (as well as numerous other bubble companies): the very compensation scheme created by the company to inculcate a sense of loyalty in its executives created a conflict too gross to manage adequately. The conflict in this instance is, in retrospect, a simple one: executives had all the incentive in the world to keep their company stock at a high level because all of their wealth, and their future wealth, was tied up in the company. Therefore, there was little incentive for them to be straightforward with the Street, or, for that matter, the company's finances. Enron thus became a delusional place where it could do no wrong and its managers were businesspeople par excellence.All of this is false of course. Enron's managers are human after all, and all humans are susceptible to the foibles and follies of people everywhere; no matter how smart a group of executives, nor the sterling reputations of the schools from which they received their MBAs, absent sound business principles, ignorance becomes bliss and delusion becomes reality.The authors are at their best when they explain the source of Enron's executives' arrogance, and the consequences for the company of that arrogance. It is important, therefore, to understand the company's hierarchy. The company was run by its founder, Ken Lay. Despite having the title of CEO, he played a role more akin to Chairman of the Board or a statesman: he spent most of his time away from the company, hobnobbing with celebrities and heads of state, and otherwise embodying the rock star CEO mentality. Business is just another form of theater, a la Sean Penn walking down the red carpet at the Oscars. Thus, other executives, from Jeff Skilling, on down, basically ran the show, and their outsized, narcissistic personalities therefore dictated a lot about the Enron culture.Skilling came from McKinsey, the famous consulting firm full of Harvard and Wharton MBAs. As we all know, people with MBAs from Harvard and Wharton can be very intelligent. But they can also be very arrogant and dismissive of those they consider to be their intellectual inferiors; the authors imply that Skilling demonstrated the worst tendencies of a Harvard MBA, and, absent any checks in his behavior, his arrogance and condescension became the shaky cornerstones of the poorly constructed edifice that became Enron.The metaphor of a poorly built structure is, at the end, the appropriate one for Enron. Despite the thousands of worker bees carrying out the daily operations of the company, the executives at the top were maniacally focused only on telling the Enron story: manipulating the Street into thinking that Enron was the greatest thing since sliced bread. Their thought was that as long as the stock keeps going up, and the Street believes in the Enron story, then there is no need to make the hard business decisions that are actually quite unpleasant to deal with. Enron had no organization and no comprehension of the risks it faced, either in its daily operations or in its financial engineering. One need not be an architect or engineer to know that structural integrity is important to the sanctity of a building. Such is the lesson we learn from the Enron fiasco: image is nothing when it is created only for the purpose of supplicating the Street and propping up the stock.Incidentally, the title of this review comes from a reference in the book. The authors quote an accountant who explains that Enron used creative accounting techniques that often hewed to the letter of the law but violated its spirit. Under this logic, if you have a dog, but you paint its fur yellow and paste a beak on it, you technically have a duck, if by "duck" you understand it to mean "an animal with yellow fur (feathers) and a beak." In other words, if a transaction meets the technical requirements for it to be considered, say, revenue, then it need not matter that, in substance, it's not really revenue but debt.
I just want to say that this movie is so good that it stayed with me for a few days afterwards. Its main pluses are that it is very realistic about what may have happened if JFK lived-it shows the power exerted by major players and doesn't present any sugar-coated hollywood fantasy. It does have some drawbacks to some people in that it skips around in time a bit, and is not very action-driven, but is rather plot-driven and character-driven, but i view this as a big plus.It is one of the best and most grittily realistic time travel movies that I have seen. Very recommended for fans of the genre.
If you ever feel like ending it all you should have this record playing in the background. This record is so grim and depressing that even the most optimistic of individuals will feel like useless pieces of trash after listening to it. And yeah, one could say that this music wallows in self-pity, but it seems like the anger and the sadness of the vocalist is aimed more towards humanity itself. Not to mention that this music deals with the complete destruction of the individual. Of course, this CD is plagued with feelings of self-loathing, but unlike so many so-called suicidal bands and bands that sing about suicide, the feelings here seem to be LEGITIMATE. Silencer is truly a miserable experience, indeed! For the most part, this music can be compared to the likes of Shining and Nocturnal Depression, but everything seems to be ten shades darker and more depressing. The one thing that is worth noting about this release is how unique the vocals are... For some people, they WILL be an automatic turn off. The vocals are "high pitched" blood curdling screams. At times, it sounds like the main vocalist (Nattramn) is having a mental breakdown. Indeed, it was even rumored that he was "institutionalized" after the release of this CD.Silencer will take you into a world where there is no hope.This is one for the masochists.
My title should clue you in. I've read dozens of books about the Beatles, but none - not even Lewisohn's exhaustive day-by-day recording studio accounts - made me feel so much like I was there with the group. Emerick really was there, and that makes all the difference.Emerick does an excellent job describing in minute detail how the band put their songs together, came up with incredible ideas like the feedback intro to I Feel Fine, and interacted among themselves and with the recording engineers in the studio. The book offers wonderful insight into the characters of John, Paul, George and Ringo, and is brutally honest about the author's opinions of each of them - both their good and bad qualities. It's fascinating to read about George Harrison's early struggles to find a place in the band, and his ultimate triumph in songwriting and guitar playing by the time of Abbey Road. Or about Lennon's clever yet mercurial personality, Ringo's shyness and Paul's musical and creative leadership.There's no doubt Emerick empathizes most with Paul, but Paul is not spared Emerick's criticism for his part in breaking up the group (Paul swearing at George Martin as he struggled to get the vocal right for "Obla Di Obla Da" was the final straw in Emerick's decision to walk out on the band during the White Album recording - he came back for Abbey Road). Still, it seems pretty obvious from reading this that John's infatuation with Yoko Ono and his insistence on having her accompany him to each recording session from 1968 on, including having a bed brought to the studio so she could lie there while ill, was the prime reason for the group's downfall.Every Beatles fan should read this.
bought this on used vinyl several years ago for a couple bucks. don't waste your money. butterrfield's presence on this album is very minimal. i think they just paid him to use his name.
I was tickled to get edible ice cream out of this the first time! It is so much better using ice then the gel makers. Within 2 hours of making this it firmed up nicely in the freezer! However, just after churning it was thick enough to eat! This is terrific for the money! Previous churns I have had have either stopped when the mixture got slightly thick or never froze.
Bearing in mind the two most conspicuous facts of this release: That the world hardly needs another set of Tchaikovsky symphonies; and (b) that this set employs an orchestra that has not made an impact on the recording scene before, it seems more useful to indicate in a review what the prospective buyer is NOT going to get from this album, rather than describe its merits or demerits at length.And so the first and most important thing you do not get is the Cleveland or Chicago Orchestra, the Boston or London Symphony, the Berliner or Wiener Philharmoniker, the Staatskapelle, Gewandhaus or Concertgebouw (extend the list at your pleasure). Therefore you must not expect the virtues you associate with those bands, too well known for me to elaborate - it would be delusional even to wish for comparing them with the Cecilia Orchestra. Further, you do not get Karajan, Szell, Solti, Giulini, Barenboim (etc etc) at their helm - many of them known for their perfectionist impulse, their creative insight, based on extraordinary talent and many years devoted to developing and honing it to a high pitch.What do you get? A good, sometimes exciting, sometimes sloppy reading of the scores. Judged by the standard of the orchestras I have named, the ensemble and orchestral balance here are not very satisfactory - important melodic lines occasionally disappear in the welter of sound, the brass players often seem to lack the courage to make their weight felt when it is most needed; and you can't blame this on the engineers, who produced a superb and natural aural ambience. It also seems hard to blame the conductor, unless his courage in employing an under-experienced orchestra is to be judged as foolhardiness.Altogether, though, these are readings that will give pleasure to those who choose to buy them, maybe because they admire Pappano, or because they just want the latest novelty in this market. Among the less glamorous issues of the last few years, they are marked by a freshness of approach that will appeal. But don't for a moment imagine a "great" or "powerful" reading, or a deeply affecting musical experience. These are flowers that sprang up on a wall for a season, and the next will bring new ones. The chance of them becoming evergreens is nil.
This is one of those things that has always frustrated me about higher end cameras, leaving off the features that are standard equipment for ordinary cameras. I've looked at this, but decided against buying it for two reasons.One is that I already own a tethered remote - the only choice at the time - which cost too much and does more than I need. The other is that it ought to be designed in and I can use this money for something I use more. (And I do macrophotography)I've own a Canon G-6, a Canon s550 and have owned an assortment of good solid midrange digital cameras -- Olympus included -- that all came with a remote release.What I really could have used when I first bought an EOS 20D was just a simple remote. I used it for almost everything -- until I actually needed a remote. Then I dragged out the 8.0 Olympus that could do remote with my eyes open or closed.I'm sure the quality of this is good, but it's one of those things that they ought to include as part of the design, but it adds another $300 for a fairly simple function.I couldn't buy it, but you ought to consider remotes when you buy an SLR and decide if you need this oe something else. For Macrophotography, the tethered release is usually more than you need .. and it will do all the fancy stuff ... if you can figure the instructions out.
One of the greatest movies of my childhood. Seriously, why is this not already being remastered and put on blu ray to share with future generations?! A great movie intended for all to enjoy, please write the studios an email, write Stephen Spielberg and tell them to get this on Blu-Ray stat!
Every Computer Science student should read it (like I did it). It covers all the basic aspects of modern Operating Systems : Process managment, CPU Scheduling, memory managment, Virtual memory, the File-System Interface and implementation, Input/Output Systems, Secondary storage structure, protection, security and especifies the Unix system.It's a very complete reference book apropriate for everyone you wants to know how a OS works.
As far as review books go, this is fairly readable and contains a lot of pertinent information, several charts with comparisons, etc. This review book was recommended by my school, some of the topics were seen on the NCLEX RN(reported by classmates who have already taken the NCLEX Rn)I also have a copy of NCLEX 3500 coming in the mail, so along with this review book and the questions I hope to be well prepared.Lots of practice, practice, practice!
Stuart Mathewman (along with Sade) has created some of the most heartfelt and soulful music I have ever listened to. You need to make sure you own everything Sade has ever released, including the 2 different live concert dvds that were released.
This book is a gold mine of advice and wisdom for beginning writers like me.There's not much specifically about short story writing. It's about fiction writing in general. Unfortunately, the "short fiction" part of the title might cause aspiring novelists to exclude it from their reading list, much to their loss.It's obvious that Knight was a well-rounded reader. He was also an editor and writing teacher. Even though Damon Knight was a master of the science fiction short story, he doesn't limit his advice or examples to just science fiction.I was looking for a book about writing short stories. But I'm glad I found this book anyway, almost by accident.
A formally-trained chef, I replaced a FULL set of Calphalon Commercial with these pans. The Calphalon was corroding from being washed in a dishwasher--who doesn't use a dishwasher these days? HELLO!?!?The Cuisinart MultiClad Pro (be sure of the name, Cuisinart has similarly-named products that are not of the same caliber) looks great, cooks great, and is a dream to clean and store. Have had no sticking problems with the skillets sticking (the trick is to use a little lower temperature and to put your oil into a hot pan just before you add the food).
I'm getting married in a couple of years, and I already had Emily Post's 16e book on general etiquette, so I thought it would be good to get the full scope of weddings with this book. I feel really stupid for that now, because the book is small, doesn't contain most of the information that the general etiquette book has on weddings, and therefore isn't something you can use separately anyway. It's completely lacking on information, and so if you have to choose between getting this book or getting the general one and having some extra information about other things, get the general one and save some money.Emily Post's Etiquette, 17th Edition (Thumb Indexed)
'Johnny Got His Gun' leaves an awful, foul, and tainted taste in your mouth. That said, this is a book that screams to be read in this day and age as it was during any other time of war. Trumbo truly shows the horror that the aftermath of any war can leave behind. He asks the question of what is victory? I can answer that for him:Victory is a mirage. A dream. A word we use to shove aside the piles of skulls and rotting flesh that it took to obtain this 'victory'. Upwards of ten million people were killed the world over during The Great War. Tell me, was there any victor? The French Empire suffered 1.3 million dead. Germany suffered 1.7 million dead. Victory is an illusion. Dead is dead.The most notable component in Trumbo's stlye is the complete lack of punctuation in his novel. It is a very effective literary device he uses to disorient the reader, and it works quite well. At first it is very distracting, but over time you come to admire the courage Trumbo had to release a novel written in such an unconventional manner.Many stories are told simultaneously, all involving the character of Joe Bonham, during the course of the tale. However, we read them the way that the paralyzed and demolished Joe recalls them: randomly. Stories weave in and out of themselves as Joe wanes in and out of consciousness. The narrative is very unique and you never can tell the chronology of Joe's life.I honestly cannot say enough about this book. It really put things in prespective for me, especially in these uncertain times we live in. It just seems that we, this world, is on the brink of something very big... and all we need is a spark.I offer you one guarantee and one warning. The guarantee: Buy this book and you will never forget it. It will open your eyes no matter how hard you try and clasp them shut. The warning: This novel is truth. Truth is scary. You will not be the same after reading this.
I have been an atheist for a long time. I've probably been an atheist for longer than Yann Martel has been alive and now, having read his story, I still don't believe in God, nor will I ever. I do believe that great stories are being written into the 21st Century though and this is about the best one I've read so far.On the surface it's a story about a boy in a lifeboat alone, but for a 450 pound Bengal Tiger. Beneath the surface it's about a boy who has suffered such loneliness and tragedy that his mind spared him the brunt of the pain of it by taking leave of him for awhile.You'll read this book, put it down, read some other book, and then come back to this one to re-read the beginning, at least, to see what you might have missed the first time. All in all it's money very well spent.
sounds like a good cd i would want to buy, since i sampled it on iTunes. if you want the disc, do yourself a favor, buy it from iTunes. they're selling it for $7.99these ppl selling it up here for $110 are crazy.and if you are looking for other hard to find artists, like Rhyme Poetic Mafia for example, iTunes also sells their stuff. i know a seller on amazon is selling their cassette tape for like $95.00 yeah, they're rare, but $95.00 cmon..all you ppl who want the hard to find artists, if amazon doesn't have them or ebay, or the price ain't right, go to iTunes.
Definitely the Airplane's best album. Includes such great songs as &quot;She Has Funny Cars&quot;, &quot;White Rabbit&quot;, &quot;D.C.B.A.-25&quot;, &quot;Somebody to Love&quot; and &quot;Comin' Back To Me&quot;, but every song is at least quite good. Buy it. Now.
LA Banks has a great story and her characters are fresh and new. I love her world and her imagination.The book gets 4 stars instead of five because of the use of heavy slang.
Published in 1978. Each chapter contains a well-conceived set of programming maxims and a thorough set of exercises. Excellent discussing of commenting techniques and program style. "Comments should provide something extra - not just paraphrase the code." Example code fragments are presented in COBOL, FORTRAN, ALGOL, and PL/I. The program design chapter covers simplicity, problem definition, algorithm selection, generality, modest goals, and structured programming. Discussion of issues related to programs stored on punch cards and executed by machine room operators provides a humorous historical context. "Large monolithic programs are like a plate of spaghetti: pull it here and something moves on the other side." Spaghetti code issues still appear in the object-oriented programs of the 1990's.
Oh man, it's the 80's!!! I wasn't a Uriah Heep fan, per se, but I did know a little about them when I was coming up. Out of curiosity, and a lack of many good new bands, I bought this hoping I wouldn't be disappointed. Bottom line . . . I wasn't. These guys can play their instruments and that's saying something these days. Are you as tired of the "American Idol" syndrome as I am?!? It's just plain nice to see some rock veterans crank out a set, in a tight little club, and look like they did it out of the love of their music.Even back when this show was shot these guys weren't doing this to be the next big thing on the fade-wagon. It's obvious from the setting that Heep's "big days" were done. With that said, I would have loved being in the audience when this set was captured!!! It is ssoooo time-trapped but it's an awful lot of fun too. If you hate the time frame, don't have a familiarity with the Heep or want a huge production, you better pass on this one. But, if you like guys who are going to keep grinding it out to play a sincere set of rock this one is for you.A note to "A Viewer" below. I think Mick Box is still sporting that mustache! Incredible.
This is the best car racing game ever! Buy it right now!
In reading this well researched book, WW II Historians amateur and otherwise may be surprised to learn that the P-40 squadrons in this Theater had consistently excellent combat records against the Japanese Army Air Forces, not just in the AVG days but throughout the war.
I have used this saw for the past 4 or 5 years camping and has never let me down. As others have stated it is very light and packs a big punch. Couple of years ago my girlfriend were going to cut our christmas tree down and I grabbed my Gerber on the way out of the door. She said,"What are you gonna do with that?" "Shouldnt we bring a REAL Saw?". She laughed at me was really worried that this wouldnt get through the tree. Well, we found our tree and the moment of truth. 60 seconds later, tree on the ground. She couldnt believe it. For 12 bucks everybody on the planet should own one of these.
First off I should say that this is my first FSF record, so I'm not going to judge it by the past two vocalists or anything like that. I think Jon Bunch holds his own, personally, and in places he truly shines.The sound:Hide Nothing is an album that is very unique as a record; the only things that hold it down is that it doesn't retain a uniqueness on a song to song basis, and is over too soon. After awhile you start to feel like you're listening to a never ending song. The fortunate thing is that it's a really good song! Jon Bunch's vocals are amazing in places, boring in others... the guitar work is good, but sometimes it blends in a little to much with the rest of the music. The drumming is full of off-beats and you can tell the drummer likes his double-bass pedal. The bass is good in parts, but isn't impressive. For the most part each song features long choruses; to me it felt like nearly every element of each song sounded like a chorus. It's pretty cool, but they do it on nearly every track. Gives it a very epic feel.The Production:The production quality seems to me to be extremely inconsistent. On some songs they seem marginally under-produced (the instruments blend together a little too much at times). But on most tracks they're over-done (the end of some songs makes them sound like they're about to totally rock out, but they always get cut off)... also, tracks five and six are essentially one song cut in half. They would make a great song as a whole, but it feels weird for them to be cut apart like that. Evidently Tooth and Nail evoked its 10 song minimum for LP's.The Songs:1. Light Up Ahead 9/10-the first song, not quite one a favorite yet for me. Long chorus, the guitars kind of get drowned out.2. Hide Nothing 10/10-very similar to the first song, but I love the chorus.3. Already Gone 6/10-while I like the atmosphere, Bunch's endless repetition of "already gone, aren't you?" gets a bit redundant. The rest of the band does the same thing. Sounds like filler.4. Someone You Know 10/10-my personal favorite. A very multi-layered track that best shows off Bunch's vocals.5. Make it a Part 10/10-showcases the most emotion of any track on the disc. It's a very epic rocker where every member of the band shines. The only downside is it's cut off at about 2:40.6. All Rise 10/10-essentially the ending to the above song, it features the same chorus and same emotion. It also cuts off at about 3:00, and I as I already mentioned I wish that they'd left the two together.7. Call on the Life 6/10-I thought this was kind of a mishmash of what has already been heard.8. Lead the Way 9/10-not particularly groundbreaking, but the bridge is awesome.9. Bleed 9/10-another one of the best songs, the hammering stutter guitar riff at the start is awesome. I just wished they would've used more of it.10. For All We Know 8/10-a little uncharacteristic of the rest of the album, it doesn't feature the same epic feeling. However, it does feature the odd-eerie feel to it that most of the album has, except with acoustic guitar and piano. It does make you wish they'd used piano a little more.Verdict:With 87/100 for my personal rating, I think that this album is a very solid release that if the band can retain Bunch for another album (contrary to their past) that they can build on for an even better effort next time. I'd call it epic alt rock but that's just my opinion. The epic feeling and long choruses along with the building feeling that most of their songs possesses really sets them aside from the rest of the crowd, and makes it hard to pin them down to any one genre. One does wish they'd made it a bit longer, as it clocks out at just under 30 minutes. This will probably be one of those "mood" CD's for me; don't hesitate to give it a chance if you like rock with an odd twist.**This CD has really grown on me the longer I've had it, so I raised the scores. Wonderful music. :-)
We adore this movie. Its a great family movie which you can view with kids 8 and older without having to worry that its vulgar or explicit content in it.
I found this to be a very well-written and interesting book that rebuts many of the commonimages of WW 1. The book focuses on the British perspective, but that for me wasjust fine. The author expounds some pretty strong views - but backs these up with lotsof data, which is very nice to see.Overall I think this is an important work that brings some much-needed balance to the WW1histories that have tended to be rather one-eyed and negative.While this book attempts to set much of the record straight, the authors still managesto bring some balance, acknowledging truths previous disseminated whiledebunking myths.
I have to admit, the very first time I used this product, my hair immediately felt different - in a good way. I have coarse and highly treated Asian hair and wanted to try to get the dryness out of my hair. I felt like it did it for the first washing. However, after having used it continuously for 2 weeks, my hair had that greasy look like I hadn't washed my hair in weeks. It was heavy and was very hard to style. I exercise almost everyday, so the buildup of sweat and this shampoo was a disaster.So I washed my hair with regular shampoo/conditioner for the first time the other day, and I was amazed to see how CLEAN my hair looked and felt. My highlights actually popped out again instead of looking masked. I felt like I had new and improved hair (thanks Pantene). It had movement and was light and it smelled CLEAN!I think this product would be good if they could figure out how to clean hair at the same time as treating and softening it. It just felt like it was building up onto itself. I will probably end up using the rest as a once/month treatment, and then go back to my old standby hair products.OH, and thanks to other reviewers who suggested buying from Amazon! It would have sucked to have to deal with canceling on the automatic monthly subscription that they enroll you.
I feel bad giving it two stars. It is a good book as a primer introducing one to the subject of divine healing and it does have a few enlightening points. However, I just expected more, that is, more depth into the subject.
I bought this for my five year old, and wish I bought it when she was a little younger. Despite the simple story line, she still likes to look at it, and I hope it's a book that will help her on the way to reading.I was at first put off by the simplistic writing, but then realized that it was rather sly and rather good. Perhaps I was more put off by the fact that I have my very own Olivia living in my house, and the similarities are rather too striking.The artwork is by far the best I've seen in a children's book, and I am happy with this purchase for the artwork alone. Since my daughter is old enough to appreciate and care for books, I bought the very good hardcover edition. The quality of the art on paper is superb, and leads me to wonder if we should add a child's book as a category of fine art.
To me and numerous Fleming (book Bond)fans the best Bond was Timothy Dalton. His reign was tragically cut short due to legal wrangles in the early 90's.Although some people enjoyed his successor Pearce Brosnan as 007, i found him a lightweight, wooden pastiche of all the previous Bonds. In addition his films got progressively worse culminating in the truly dire Die Another Day.Needless to say i was overjoyed when Brosnan got the boot and Daniel Craig was signed on. Bond was going back to Fleming and back to basics for the first time since Timothy Dalton.Casino Royale was simply stunning, better than anything i could have ever hoped for in a Bond film. Easily the best Bond perfomance and film since "Living Daylights" or "Licence to Kill".Although Dalton has remained my favourite Bond, Casino Royale has become my fave film surpassing "Daylights".Mr Craig deserves all the praise he can get but i do encourage people to check out Timothy Dalton as Bond in order to reappraise his efforts. You may be surprised as to how good Dalton really was as Fleming's Bond.
Five out of five is way to high -- the characters are plastic, the narrator has a set of annoying mental habits, and the odd descriptions of a truly odd world are often downright confusing. Three out of five is too low -- the book is original and often paints its colorful world with grace and style. (3.5?)This book IS like Narnia -- a book of Christian ideas told in with almost adolescent simplicity. The reason you'll like it is because, occasionally, it hits home. And when it does, you realize that the world C.S. Lewis is painting, however simple, is one you would like to see more of.If you need a quick idealistic reprieve from your modern world, give it a try.
I have to say I bought the entire series after "The Naked Baron," and "The Naked Duke" did not disappoint. I would give them both five stars, even though not unflawed. However, I have found that I don't really mind a few flaws in books that truly engage my interest.This one was actually difficult to get through. First of all, after the trick Robbie (the Naked Earl) played on his friend in "The Naked Duke," I found his lack of sexual experience hard to believe in this one. (Not to mention that the duke himself lacked sexual experience; why would he and Robbie be playing tricks on each other with whores under these circumstances?).But what bothered me the most was that literally EVERYONE knows that Lizzie loves Robbie--even Robbie--and that she sticks around so long after he makes it so clear that her feelings are not returned. They are both dolts: he for continually pushing her away and she for taking it.And why anyone would allow an innocent young lady at such a house party without a competent chaperone. . . anyone knowledgeable of the Regency era would see through that immediately. It is mentioned many times that Lizzie is no longer young and "can take of herself," but she's only 21--not 30--with only four seasons under her belt. Considering that at one point she wonders if she could be with child after having a man's tongue in her mouth--I think it is obvious that she is naught but a babe in arms.Now, the problem with the way Felicity Brookton was trying to trap Robbie into marriage by being discovered dangling her huge breasts at him in bed: sorry, not believable. While such a scenario would quickly ruin HER, it wouldn't ruin Robbie at all to refuse to marry her. The rules are different for gentlemen. Now her nearest male relative might challenge him to a duel, but frankly, even death would be preferable to marriage to that vicious woman. No, it is much more likely that Felicity would be bundled off to the country and end up married to some country squire who doesn't care that she seduces every man in the county.The oddest thing about this book is that I found two minor romances MUCH more interesting, including one between two very unprincipled, anti-heroes. Yes, it's true: I found the romance between Lady Charlotte the adulteress (a villainess in "The Naked Duke") and Edward, the licentious host of this ill-conceived house party to be fascinating. Could it be that these two characters might be redeemable in future books? I will definitely read them in hopes of finding out. And the other unlikely romance, between Lady Beatrice and her butler. . . well, I would like to hear more about THAT as well.In retrospect, I am not sorry I read this book, because I liked the first two so well and at the very least I got to see glimpses of beloved characters here. If the romance between Robbie and Lizzie had been more believable, I could have forgiven nearly everything else, but it just did not happen. Here's hoping the others will be more like "The Naked Baron" and "The Naked Duke."
Marcus and I are comrades. I know how he felt growing up - being different and awkward - being made fun of and not quite fitting in. Coming from a home life that was less than ideal. There is a path from Marcus to Holden Caulfield to William Miller to Benjamin Braddock to Rob Gordon that defines my life.That being said, About a Boy is a touching funny sentimental story about the changes we all must go through in order to grow up. For those of us that thought we would have all the answers when we grew up, About a Boy shows us that we may never have all the answers. But having friends, colleagues and those that care about us is more important than anything. Without a support network, it is very hard to get through life.Anyone reading this book will find himself (or herself) or friends and family to relate to. That is what makes the book so wonderful - its honesty. Nothing sugar coated here - no magic answers no pat formulaic happy endings - just people trying to find themselves in a very confusing world.I thought that High Fidelity was the best book I have ever read. Then I picked up About a Boy. You should do the same.
1. Isobel (Album Version)2. Charlene (Non-Album Track)3. I Go Humble (Non-Album Track)4. Venus As A Boy (Harpsichord)"Isobel" is one of my favorite Bjork songs, but the bonus b-sides really push this single over the edge of great. "Charlene" and "I Go Humble" are 2 REALLY good non-album tracks worth the price of the cd alone. If you love the POST album, don't miss out on these! The fourth track is a short, simple vesion of "Venus As A Boy" with only Bjork's vocals and a harpsichord. Beautiful.
There is yet another anomaly in this substandard DVD series on WWII. It has a section concerning the unsolved murder of Geli Raubal, Hitler's niece -- widely suspected to have been carried out by Hitler himself, but still not confirmed to be so. What is so mysterious about this? Weren't there innumerable others whom Hitler has secretly murdered? Also, this was not a "mystery of WWII", but an event related to Hitler's inner circle well before (8 years prior to) WWII. Can one be any other wiser, about the strange and lamentable "productions" that are made today, in the name of furthering history?
Really gives you an understanding of the plans that will lead to success with these openings. He gives you both the what to do and why. This was the first of his videos I purchased and while they are all quite good I think this may be the best. You'll play much less elsewhere and avoid the truly excessive shipping costs.
I had about an 8' straight run to put a bench in, so used four brackets. Is was fairly quick (about 2-2.5 hours, I have a power miter saw), and instructions were clear. Once installed, there was too much "wobble" in the bench - front-to-back, not side-to-side. Luckily, I had posts on the end I could brace it to, so the end result is fine, if you don't have something to brace the ends to, I'd think twice. Lastly, the bench itself is not that comfortable (I find the seat too shallow). Also, the hardware is not the highest quality, and I anticipate it will rust rather quickly (I used stainless steel deck screws to fasten the back and lower front rails). Lastly, pay extra close attention to the washers you use - very similar OD, with a different ID made me redo about 5 screws (my fault, I know). I am and advanced DIYer (I built the 450 sqft three level deck the bench was for).
Amazon.com really should provide a better explanation of what this Bible is. I'll do it for them. :-)It's actually a Lutheran version (not just Missouri Synod--it's for all Lutherans, even ELCA like myself) of Zondervan's NIV Study Bible. There are quite a few study notes in Zondervan's NIV Study Bible that I didn't agree with, but this version fixes that. This is pretty much my favorite Bible. It has all the features of the NIV Study Bible, plus lots more, like quotes from Martin Luther, etc. It's a wonderful Bible, unless you're a Catholic. :-) They would do well to read it too, though. (Hey, I have two Catholic Bibles. Let's be ecumenical, people.)This Bible is an absolute must-have for all Lutherans, and would be great for any other Protestant as well. Honestly. (Also check out the New Oxford Annotated Bible.)
I've read this book and am now going through it out-lining each chapter. Jeanne Guyon gets back to the basics of Christ Jesus living in us and through us to make a difference for us. She is very much like Paul in her thinking as in this book she points out again and again that the works of our flesh count for nothing. But, what does count is Christ Jesus living in us and loving through us. She is also careful to point out certain points of growth that all christians must go through, such as an initial time of feeling God's presence and dry times.
This package of films represents the triumph of merchandising over merchandise. If you imagine they might represent revolutionary or daring film-making, otherwise lost to us because of a blinkered, art-crushing censor, forgot it. That's just the sales pitch of the 'forbidden Hollywood' tease.The films you'll find here are conventional, melodramatic, improbable and distinguished neither by their scriptwriting nor acting. Norma Shearer was a big name star, and she has definite presence, but I do not think the two films featuring her on this set advance her claims to greatness. They tend to confirm - as critics have noted - that she was an actress who got ahead by hard work and will-power rather than a tutored dramatic craft-skill. Shearer sometimes acted by assembling gestures, the way she thought a scene should be acted, rather than from character, and was prone to histrionics.None of these films is memorable or truly worthy of preservation. At best, they might be regarded as curiosities: 'forgettable Hollywood' perhaps. The nonsense of suggesting that something other than a prurient sexual element enters into the productions is driven home most forcibly by the film 'Female', which gives us the character of a woman running a motor vehicle corporation who discovers she is 'just playing a part' and, to be herself, must find a man, hand over the business to him and have his babies. If this had been made in 1832, it would not be out of temper with the times!
I should have paid attention to another reviewer who said that the picture of the shelf was deceptive. Someone must have used a wide-angled lens! I thought it would be bigger and could house cans, etc. Unfortunately, the shelves are no more than two inches deep and about two inches high. All I was able to put on them were spices, something I really didn't need...at least not for the money spent. I don't recommend this item unless all you want to do is stack spices in your cabinet. It has turned out to be the most useless item I've ever bought on Amazon!
a friend of mine is a bartender at a dance hall in texas, the lead singer of Cross Canadian Ragweed ordered a beer from him and acted like he didn't have to pay, when my friend inquired about getting the beer money, the guy replied "Do you know who I am?" My friend, said "No". The guy replied, "I'm the lead singer of CCR." "John Fogerty?", my friend asked. The lead singer gave him a five and walked away. There is only one CCR and it ain't Cross Oklahomian Ragweed" Buy Old 97's "Too Far to Care" for how this music should sound.
That would be a good description of the CISSP exam. This is a good book but should also be combined with every other book you can find bearing the letters CISSP! The exam is indeed an inch deep and a mile wide.
I just got mine in a few hours ago. Seems a little heaver than that piece of junk I was using. Happily, the 'tap-and-go' unit....down at the bottom....doesn't have a screw on lid like the others I've used. It snaps together and there is no chance of doing it wrong--it only has two holes to line up on and their both the same size. Also, unlike those screw on models, this one doesn't have in black letter writing (on black plastic) telling you which holes to line up and which direction to wind the string--they always wear off.Anyway, after mixing my fuel (just a little more gas than they recommended because of the other reviewer) I got it cranked in half a dozen easy pulls (I think I didn't push the primer button but three times). So it cranked up, I let it run for about ten seconds.I started remembering the instructions telling me to let it warm up a minute...then I heard 'that' other side of me saying "Put some juice to it Oldtechno and let's see what she'll do!" Well, there's no doubt which won out. I gave it the juice and it ran just fine. Futhermore; the rpms are lower than on my older piece of junk (probably to keep the engine from wearing out quicker), and that's just fine with me. BUT...because of these lower rpms I can't recommend this unit for 'country' life. It should do just fine around any 'kept' yard...but if you want to clear brush, you 'might' reconsider.All in all, I'm happy with this unit--especially since the tap-and-go end snaps together instead of screwing together. It is a little heavier--I'm fine with that. It is a 'straight shaft'--great!(much better control in a straight shaft). Fair size gas tank, flat on the bottom so it doesn't fall over, all the front of the motor is covered with plastic (no chance of a burn) good! Easy to start--good. I still haven't wound any string in it yet...so I have no comment. I will admit, since the spool you wind your string in is walled off--there is less chance of the string tightening up from that 'tap-and-going' and refusing to feed string out. I've never had one like this...but I can tell it should fix that problem. Finally; I've never had a splitshaft before...so I have no comment.I don't think you could get much better for the price (so far as I know)bye!
I have tried this product on two occasions. Despite repeated applications the mosquitoes just kept biting. It isn't worth the price.
With her latest offering Eliza gets more political (as those who saw her on her recent UK dates will be aware her views on the recent Gulf Conflict are not far from those expressed by the Dixie Chicks) but unlike certain other musicians who have gone that route and failed, thankfully Eliza is none the worse for the new direction.The amazing cover photo from Kosovo (and referred to in the CD title song) to the range of songs covered, all serve to demonstrate that this artiste continues to develop her range in topics covered, lyrics and music. All the cuts show the usual impeccable musicianship seen on her previous Red House CDs using many of the same musicians and excellent production from Mark Hallman. While overall the CD is not as high on the personal happiness quotient seen in her last release ("Lost & Found"), it is a CD that ranges wide and far from the Gulf Conflict and war and terror (Hiway, Tender Mercies and the "lost" Woody Guthrie song Peace Call) through sad songs on other's personal suffering (Dark Side of Town and Ballad of Yvonne Johnson) to personal reaffirmations of what a mature and independent lady thinks ((Not Lonely, Wonderland and Separated).As with all great recordings and performers, a CD that is being played regularly and leaves one eagerly awaiting the next release.
Best, most up to date book on the subject. 2 nihil obstats, 1 imprimatur, 2 Bishop recommendation forewards.Each of the three authors are current professors of Philosophy or Theology. Fr Ronald Lawler is adjunct Professor of Theology atFranciscan University at Stuebenville. William E May is Professor of Moral Theology at the Pope John Paul II Institute for Studies on Marriage andFamily in Washington DC. Another author Joseph Boyle, the third author, is the principal(dean) of St. Michaels College in Toronto where heis also Professor of Philosophy. A good book on Catholic Sexual Ethics from a respected Catholic Publisher : Our Sunday Visitor.
The late Otmar Suitner produced some terrific recordings; check out his Dvorak and Mozart symphonies for example. This is an excellent performance. I would agree with the other reviewer about the quality of the soloists and choir, and the tempi set by maestro Suitner are just right. I've heard at least 20 recordings of this symphony, and only Tennstedt (the later live recording)and the later Bernstein recording rank above this one for me. The price was right as well.
these sheets are really cute. the do seem a bit big for our standard twin mattress. my son loves them and they look really cute on his little tike lightning mcqueen bed. only reason they got 4 stars is they are a cotton/poly blend and not very soft.
4 1/2 stars, can't set it that way:0I have read it a couple of times and also have friends who have read it. Well worth your time if you have an open mind. Otherwise I would leave it alone. Some people do reviews just so they can Pan the book/tape. We all come from a different place spiritually, and when we respect that in others, books like this will add another dimension.Enjoy!
One of my favorites among the Draganerian series, this meets all my ideas of good Brust writing. The style can be a bit awkward, but the story carries it through any issues there. And Brust does a masterful job of reminding us that his Draganarians are not humans, culturally of mentally, as we go through the tale.
Unlike the Zyliss "Transparent Rapid Food Chopper A-1" or the Zyliss "Comfort Chopper", this model's fatal flaws are the slanted sides and reduced footprint of the chopping blade. Even though they've tried to build in paddles that are intended to rotate the food between strokes, the fact is that the end product is very unevenly chopped: finely minced particles accumulate in the center of the chopper while unchopped chunks accumulate around the edge. No amount of agitation of the contents while you're chopping will induce this gadget to create an evenly chopped result.And, being plastic, this one didn't last any longer than the Transparent version before the repeated pounding that's a normal aspect of using it cracked the latches that hold the thing together. Is it possible to give negative stars?
This tastes just like homemade soup. I wish I had found it years ago. It will become a staple in my house. Two Thumbs Up!
I am using this on the kids computer rather than installing an ethernet card. It is hooked up to a router in order to share a broadband connection. It is on a Windows ME machine. When I plugged it in it prompted me to load the drivers, loaded them, rebooted, and worked right away. I later had some problems with the dialer from our old dial up ISP interfering with the broadband connection, but removing the dialer solved them. I definitely would recommend this item.
The author never experienced public schools (as US citizens would call them) or really understands the social dynamics at play between teenagers and their parents. After a few pages, you start hearing a steady whine in the background by this author of a lost Utopia that would have been his and his "boarding school survivors" had they lived at home and gone to a public school. The bad experiences offered up as proof are pretty much laughable when you compare them against what goes on in public schools. Only those that are like the author (former boarding schoolers) might think this book exposes some great evil ... but no one that went to public schools will.However, the reason I didn't give the book a 1 of 5 was that there is some value to this book. You just have to dig for it. If you ignore the whining, read a number of books on boarding schools, and have a good understanding of developmental psychology, you'll find it. If the author had focused his assault (yes, it's sadly pretty much that) on boarding schools on them not screening their applicants on whether or not the students are emotionally and socially ready for a boarding school environment and to delay enrolling them until they are, this book might have been of great value to boarding school administrators, teachers, and parents of boarding schoolers. Extensively and in depth talking about the social development of children. Recommending that when the child seeks emotional and social support from their age-peers (as opposed to their parents) is the time when the student is ready for a boarding school environment and then pull in the results from psychological, sociological, and social psychological research studies about when that switch-over point is. There are tests for this and the author could have advocated their usage by boarding schools and possibly brought about a positive change in residential education.Unfortunately, the author's credentials are as weak as his whine and is the real cause of what's wrong with this book. Sadly, because of this, this book is more a spoiled brat's rant than much else.In closing, if you are unfamiliar with the body of non-fiction literature on boarding schools and developmental psychology, I wouldn't recommend this book. If you are familiar with both fields, you might find this book worth reading for the very sparse morsels of insight it provides.
Miss Nancy once again puts her definitive stamp on Broadway and Hollywood standards. Another must for lovers of Nancy!
This is the season that ended Happy Days. It became a silly fantasy show that had nothing to do with the 50's, it was boring and ridiculous. ABC and the producers aren't to blame, though, the audience wanted a cartoon version of the 50's and didn't want a show about about a 50's family. Ron Howard commented "I was bored by what happened by the 3rd season and wanted out of it". Who can blame him? A once precious TV show was now a silly clown act, aimed towards juveniles and people whose minds are bland and are entertained by constant childish nonsense. The 50's were not like this, later, Ron Howard would say he regretted every season after season two.He said he was embarrassed to have been a part of the show. Hey, Ron Howard, we understand. The 3rd season plots were idiotic and predictable, Saturday morning cartoons were far more intelligent.A mind is a terrible thing to waste.
Venezia, City of Falling Angels, is every bit as captivating as the story woven by John Berendt. I remember my romance with Venice when I went there in the 70s.How does John do it? Berent has the ability to ingratiate himself into a foreign city or country and become the keeper of its secrets. Secrets which he has willingly shared with his readership, Thank God!After I finished the last page and closed the book, I got out my magnifying glass and inspected the inside cover to get a closer look at all of the places mentioned in the book. Then I closed the cover and savored the ingredients, wanting to start all over again!Few writers have this effect on me. Maybe the reason is because, it would appear that for Berendt, writing a book is an experience to be lived and then written. Unlike the many formulaic authors who crank out book after book with no real research or intense feelings.John Berendt is a quality writer and I have no doubt this book will be among the best sellers for a while to come.Now, unfortunately, I have to wait another 3 -5 years until he writes the next book! Keep 'em coming John, your instincts are supberb!
What can I say, this book kicks arse! I've been to Amelia's interactive 2 day lectures, and would NEVER have thought of attending had I not read her book and thirsted for more! The book is dotted with medetations to help us break down our intellectual processes, so we become open to what our animal friends are telling us. It flows with stories from Amelia's life and keeps you fully entertained with her wit while jerking a tear or two from your eyes. If you are interested in animal communications-and who wouldn't be?-This book is for you.
I tried and tried to vote for Clay, but got nothing but busy signals. I believe Clay has a far superior voice than Ruben. I like Ruben, could see his appeal, and thought he was quite good. I just thought Ruben had no where near the voice quaility of Clay. What is also important to me in choosing an American Idol winner was who displays a more meaningful impact in society. Clay is very involved with our youth organizations, he is a Special Ed teacher and clearly exemplifies a caring and positive role model. I was impressed by his confident acceptance of his physical appearance (what a terrific message to send to people of all ages). I have truly enjoyed Clay's awesome singing talent and wish him the greatest successes professionally and personally. Looking forward to his album release!
This is definitely a show that was cancelled too early. It's on again, off again schedule made it hard to find an audience and it finally paid the price. As a short-run show I figured it was lost to time, so I'm thrilled they release it on DVD - and at such a great price. Kind of a cross between all the best shows - 30 Rock, The Office, and Big Bang Theory.
This was a real dog. I got it because my I.S. provider recommended it to go with my motorola cable modem. I couldn't get past a certain point on software installation - got weird messages and it locked up. I really didn't need wireless because I have ethernet cables. But, I really needed to install the software in order to turn off wireless feature (for security) and/or put in password so neighbors could not hi-jack my connection. I live in an apartment complex.I sent it back to Amazon.Instead, I got an old-fashioned wired-type Linksys router (with 4-port ethernet switch built-in) without any wireless feature, bought at a local Office Depot for $17 more, but it was worth it. Had problems with the password/software on that one too, but really don't need the password for security, because I am using ethernet cables in a home system. There's no wireless feature to disable on this Linksys model, so I aborted the Linksys software installation. With the Linksys I ended up doing "plug and play" with no software installation. Without the software installation, the Linksys just defaults to no password needed.
About the only drawback to this mirror is having to figure out just where to hang the darn thing! But that is probably just because I'm lazy!So once I got it in the proper position for my height and in the proper angle to catch the best light, I realized that this is one of the best mirrors I've tried. NOT because there is anything unique about its reflective properties, but because it is one of the most elegant mirrors I have ever seen for this price! The bronze tone to it is so different from the usual chrome and really dresses up my bathroom.Now don't get me wrong, its reflective and magnifying properties are just great and the size of the mirror is just perfect to see my whole face while putting on my make-up. There is no distortion that I have found with the smaller sized mirrors.An interesting side note - it comes with a warning on the mirror. It says not to put it in a spot that sunlight may be reflected in the mirror because it could start a fire. I actually never ever thought about where my mirrors were going before, but since reading that I will be more careful with the placement!It has been packed within an inch of its life, so no matter what kind of handling it got (I saw how the UPS guy tossed it next to my garage) there was no way that i could see where it could break in transit. I'm not saying its impossible to arrive broken--just that it would take some thing like being driven over to break.
As the previous reviewer states, this study guide offers a lot of thoughtful, interesting questions, as well as vocabulary exercises and quizzes. The guide is geared to high school students, and would provide good supplementary material to a unit on Jane Eyre. Buyers should know, however, that it is written from a Christian perspective, and therefore also includes questions based on particular biblical passages as they relate to the novel. This is certainly not a bad thing, but not something I expected.
For those who have read the first three books of this tale the last in the series is quite satisfying. There is always the hope that after a little while the authors will drop one more book into the story to see where everyone ends up. These characters are just to good to let them fade away.
I hope you have the chance to grab this deal...I paid 49 dollars for 6 bottles of Geranium Detergent. It arrived safe & sound and it's fabulous.It's even less expensive than the non organic soaps. Can't wait for the fabric softener to arrive!I really like the scent and the fact that I'm doing a little something to help the planet while getting a good price for us. Gotta save money whereever you can these days!For the person who commented that the detergent wouldn't get the smell out of their running clothes..you're on the right track. You either need to add baking soda or use warm water. It's not the fault of the detergent. When my hubby's clothes are particularly smelly, the baking soda does the trick if I need to use cold water.The company says right on the label to use hot water with whites & warm with perm. press & lights.Setting the water heater down to warm & only doing full loads should be okay if you're only doing one load a week. I assume you don't bathe in only cold water, sometimes your clothes need a warm bath, too :)
Sure the singing would be great if you could hear it. Really, this is interesting enough if it were to cost around $5.00 to see these amazing singers in these roles, but the sound is so bad, it's not fun to listen to, plus the camera work is bad, and really, the visuals are a bit macabre - Nilsson looks pretty odd in the bouffant wig, Vickers has alot of weird eye make-up on and Hesse's acting is dumb. If you could only hear it, that could all be forgiven, but you can't. I'm not too particular about sound but this one is below even my standards.
I got this radio for the office and was embarrassed at how poor is was. Replacing a very old am-fm radio with this new hd radio was intended to expand the number of channels that were available. However, only a couple of HD stations showed up that we could listen to due to the reception quality. No way to know that until you have an hd radio so this was the first for us. Live & learn. After fooling around with it for 9 months they decided to toss the radio because the screen was only intermittently showing the station information and so programming it and changing the station was a royal pain. In spite of the looks of it its very heavy and large for what it does but i decided to haul it back to my office and fool with it and also couldn't figure it our either. So the $250 waste of money is under a pile of papers under my desk. If you are thinking of HD radio really think about waiting until the technology comes around. If you want to be an early adopter then thing about another brand.
If you suffer from Candida, Candidiasis, Chronic yeast infections, chronic bacterial vaginosis, itchy ears, herpes, cold sores, or chronic acne, then this book will help you. I had chronically inflamed lymph nodes on my neck and I used tea tree oil on it and the inflammation went down. This book has the best short chapter on fungal infections that I've ever read.I use Tea Tree oil in my laundry, topically, and internally (as a woman). It's the best kept secret around! This book doesn't just provide a listing of ways to use tea tree oil, it provides the background and very helpful information for some illnesses/ailments also. It has been instrumental in my healing.Massive relief for itchy ears and pressure in the head!! Omigosh (no, you do not put the oil in the ear for this).If you have any of the above listed ailments then I strongly urge you to purchase the following:Complete Candida Yeast Guidebook, Revised 2nd Edition: Everything You Need to Know About Prevention, Treatment & DietAlso, this book goes hand-in-hand with the book being reviewed currently. With these two oils you are well-suited for an emergency as well as daily life:The Cure Is in the Cupboard: How to Use Oregano for Better Health (Revised Edition)
It's hard to imagine that Mikaila actually recorded this album when she was 13, first of all because of her gorgeous, rich voice, and secondly because of her bluntly sexual lyrics. (i.e. Playground, My Dream Is Gone) Nevertheless, she can sing like no other 13 year old, and her songs are all catchy and great.1. So in Love With Two - Mikaila's first single is a winner. With a good beat, a catchy chorus, decent lyrics, and a great voice to go along with those, I promise you you'll play this one over and over again. 10/102. Straight to My Face - It's hard to beat the intro to this song. It's got a good pop tune and a perfect beat. 9/103. Forever, For Always, For You - Mikaila's first ballad is slow and beautiful. It's one of my favorite songs because of its amazing vocals and touching lyrics. It would fit right into Christina Aguilera's debut CD. 10/104. Playground - Mikaila's infamous song has a great beat, and an instantly catchy chorus. If you don't like hearing a 13 year old singing provactive lyrics, I don't suggest you listen to this one. 9/105. Talkin' Bout Me - I love the Latin intro here, but it quickly loses that Spanish-pop sound and goes into a full blown R&B; song. Probably the worst song on the album, which is good, because it's not that bad. 7/106. It's All Up to You - Another ballad. Like Forever, For Always, For You it has touching lyrics and slow, beautiful tune. 9/107. Perfect World - A sassy pop song with a touch of R&B.; It's simple yet catchy chorus mixes perfectly with the backround music. 9/108. My Dream Is Gone - Everything about this song is perfect. The beautiful piano intro, the pop beat, the vocals, the upbeat, catchy chorus, great. 10/109. My Heaven - You guessed it, another ballad. Not as good as the first ballads, but still really nice. 8/1010. Emotional - An upbeat pop song. This is the track that made me buy Mikaila's album. I personally think this should've been the second single, rather than Straight to My Face. It's so good that the American Juniors re-made it. 10/1011. Because of You - A calm, laid-back track. Mikaila's voice doesn't shine so much on this one, but it has a nice sound to it. 8/1012. My Heart Can't Let Go - The perfect close to a great album. Her voice is beautiful with the Spanish guitar in the backround. Simply great. 10/10Mikaila deserves to be huge by now. It's too bad she was brushed off as just another wannabe pop act. Her voice is very individual, with a richness that's rare in this kind of music. Overall album grade: 9/10
Birds of Prey was my first Wilbur Smith Novel. Being a person that makes a living on the ocean I am attracted to novels about the great sailing ships of the past. Everything I had read about Wilbur Smith led me to believe that this would be a novel that I couldn't put down. In the beginning that was true. The main characters were interesting. I didn't expect the explicit sex scenes that are scattered throughout the novel. Mr. Smith's main hero throughout the book is young Hal Courteney. His sexual exploits are described in vivid detail in the first half of the book, but then as the book progresses become more like what I would expect from an adventure novel. I am not sure that the earlier sex scenes really added to the book. The St. Martin's Paperback version that I have is over 660 pages. It was a long read and you could actually divide the book into two halves. The first is while Sir Frances Courteney (Hal's Father) is driving the action in the story. The second is when Hal is the lead. The first half of the book is filled with intrigue and vivid battles scenes (and sex scenes). The second half of the book seems to have been an after thought. All the vivid drawn out scenes from the first half become a few paragraphs of quick victories for young Hal. You wait and entire 600 pages for Hal to face his Dutch antagonist. When it finally happens I can call it at best anti-climactic. He defeat's another ship easily and his other foil dies pretty unceremoniously. Forgive me, but when I put 600 + pages of time into a novel waiting for these two show downs (which you know at page 300 are coming) I expected more! Much more. Cut out the pages of Hal's sexual exploits and make the final scenes of the book worth the time I invested in this novel.Having said all this the book was okay. The book's strength was the early vivid descriptions of Europeans seeing Africa for the first time. You could imagine what they must have been seeing. What a crocodile must be like for someone who has never seen nor heard of one. The fear they felt when the crocodile's got a hold of someone in the water. The book's weakness was the quick tidy ending. I am not upset that the good guys win; I expect that in an adventure novel. I was just disappointed that this was an after thought and wrapped up cleanly with a lot of luck.I am not sure that I for one will invest another 600+ pages in a Wilbur Smith Novel in the future.
From page one I was hooked. Jeannette Walls drew me into the world of her childhood with a writing style that kept me in the moment with her to such an extent that I could literally visualize all she was describing. Her story is simply and masterfully told through the eyes of a child. A smart, mature-for-her-age, industrious and awestruck daddy's girl. Her very believeable internal dialog throughout the story reveals much about her personality and you can't help but love her...and want to protect her... AND want to experience her life with her all over again when the last page has been read. Highly recommended!
Good product. Easy to use. Only needed 1 USB port in my laptop though it comes with a Y cable just in case. Not much more to say.Cute screwdriver.
Hello World,Get some sun and get some lessons you two. Get out and go for a hike or a fishing trip. You two "winners" look like vampire zombies, who's songs interchange with songs from before. My God, Romero will be calling any day now! Anywho, onto the music... nice hooks but overused chords might pay to get some lessons from "better" guitarists. Dont be so vein Jacko... the likes of Derek Trucks and Dan Auerbach should help ya out, maybe? And to Miss White, sexual frustration shouldn't lead to killing a bass drum sweetie. WE HEAR IT ALREADY! Maybe Janet Weiss could help ya out with that one huh? The White Stripes is an understatement!!!!! These two are "The Ivory Barcodes" huh now thats fitting!!!!!!!!!!Enjoy Junk! (note:im nut rezpunsible fer n e mispellings)
I am 57, and I enjoy reading. Some time back I caught an interview with the author and thought the books might be interesting for my son to read. Little did I know I would be the one reading the books. I have read all four of them twice, and have enjoyed the reading each time. The books are delightfully engaging, and the plot is well buried within the story. The protagonist Harry, is the ultimate in protagonists, he is an orphan boy.The story is not about magic, there is magic there, but in passing. The books are about overcoming the bad times in life, and making the most of what you have. It shows how to build character. There are so many lessons of life in the books. J.K. Rowling did an awesome job writing the books, and all those who have given the books a bad name have either been terribly narrow minded, or have taken someone else's word for the content. They are a delightful romp through the fantasy world, and any child of 8 will know that magic does not exist, they all know it is fiction.John Swain
I often check the movie trailer sites in an attempt to keep from missing those great, under the radar films. This one piqued my interest immediately, but I still lost it in the hectic mess that is my life. Slid right by me in the theaters and I wasn't aware of the dvd release. Luckily, a friend stumbled on it by chance and thought it might be the kind of thing I'd be in to. He was so right. I absolutely loved it. The performances were fantastic and the story dark and touching. I'm so glad I didn't let this one get away.
I learned a lot about the story from the original book in this movie than I did from Let the Right One In. When I first heard they were gong to remake Let the Right One IN i figured it would be really bad but this is one of the very rare cases where I think the remake is as good, or in this case, even better, than the original. If I decide to watch the story again, which I will eventually, its more likely I'll watch Let Me In than Let the Right One IN.
Sidney Sheldon is not the same anymore. His latest books are not up to his real standard. That's not what happens with this 1994 wonderful book, though.The plot, wonderfully conceived, is a real thriller of suspense. The characters, the very well-developed three main characters, are just as funny and smart as your best friend. And actually this is the kind of feeling you get from the three doctors you have the chance to meet on this book.From beginning to end, Sidney Sheldon hooks you until the very end! That's the kind of book you read, read, read and want it never to end, and, when it does, you miss a lot the places and people you've met. It's the kind of story that remains on your mind for many years. The kind of book you tell everyone to read, and that everyone just can't help but read and adore. That's what you feel when you read the books by Sidney Sheldon. And that one is one of his best works!Marco Aurelio.
To those who have not seen this movie,be warned.The subject matter of this film is dark but well written.It has a sense of realism that anyone can identify with and not always see the people in this preconceived notion that blinds us.To those who love movies where things don't always have a cut and dry happy and realize that even best of people don't always make the right choices,this is your film.
The 1st of the series, A Dark Champion, dissapointed me, but this made up for it. I loved Christian's alpha-male hard as nails demeanor. A sexy hero! I was grateful she didn't hash out all the details of various characters again. Christian's charater was introduced in the 1st of this series, yet my memory of him was just: a prince they called Abbot. That proves the waste of time in introducing a bunch of characters at once - who may or may not get their own story ... someday.Characters 'play a part' in this and give a better showing of their personalities. As w/ Phantom busting onto the scene. Now that's what I want! I look forward to his story. I was half way through before I realised it. Exciting & funny.
This generational study of a Polish family and the women and their daughters is a charmer. Easy to read,thought provoking and good character development. The Marchewka women are inseparable. They value the gathering of family and cooking traditional Polish foods. But as the story grows we find the newer generations culturally removed from thier mothers and grandmothers as Polish immigrants. A close look into family life in general, although this family is Polish by immigration the struggles and heartbreaks are really about &quot;every&quot; family. Highly recommend !!
I didn't think the illustrations were as cute as I'd hoped - the rabbits just look odd to me. But they are certainly better than average, and most important, I bought it for my baby and she loves it. She's 11 months old and wants mom and dad to read (sing) this book to her over and over. I expect this will be a treasured part of her childhood memories of Christmas for life, and it does introduce her to traditional Christmas images (yule log, Christmas tree, carol singing, winter bird feeding, cookie making, playing in the snow) that we'll share as a family.
I first saw this film when I was about 13 or so. At the time I was growing to be a true classic film fan. The performances in this film are wonderful, I think the roles were well cast. The film balances drama and comedy far better than any film today. Exceptional for a film about the possibility that a husband who has run off with someone else. Films today about relationships tend to just be about screaming and overly dramatic events. I don't think a film like this could be made today.The film uses flashbacks and self reflection to tell the story. Most of the action occurs in the past. Each of the women looking at her relationship and trying to see if there are clues the implicate her husband as the one who has run off.There is the obvious flaw of the film portraying the issues in each marriage as being solely the woman's responsibility. I didn't take a star off for this, because it is a reflection of the time the film was made.The DVD I received when I bought this a few years ago was in great condition. I think this film was restored. The picture is nice and clear, not grainy or choppy as is the case with some of the classic film DVDs I have seen over the years. The extra biography on Linda Darnell is interesting as well.
This album has my favorite version of Crippled Angel.
I tried this book at the suggestion of the girl working in my local Waldenbooks. I'm a huge Stephanie Plum fan and was looking for something similar (funny, romantic with danger throw in without being R rated or mushy). I loved this book! She was right on the money recommending Victoria Laurie. It's an easy read and very entertaining. As soon as I was finished with this one I had to run out and buy the second one. I can't wait to read the third. If you love the Stephanie Plum series you'll love these, too.
My God. This book is so dry! I'm sure he is correct in what he writes, but I actually received information on his gospel from The Diet Doctor on FitTV when he was a guest.If you are going to read his book, have a PDR and some espresso available.
I love Whitney Houston. I really think she is one of the world's greatest singers of all time. After the incredible &quot;my Love Is Your Love&quot; she's had her highs and her lows in both her musical and personal life. Her voice has never sounded better, and the music on this album is just great. The opening number and first single &quot;One of Those Days&quot; is a great feel-good single which was popular on the R&amp;B charts but not so much on the Pop charts. it's so much fun to dance to and her voice really shines. Fans of Carlos Santana will like &quot;Tell Me No&quot; because he does backup guitars and a long intense solo at the end. Kandi Buruss also co-wrote this song and it is very unique. I love Missy Elliot and the fact that she works with whitney. &quot;Things You Say&quot; is beautiful and shows off her lower range as well. Fans of Former New Edition member and huaband to Whitney Bobby Brown will like &quot;My Love&quot; which is a cute little ballad. I love the song &quot;Love That Man&quot; because it's so fun and bouncy. I'd have to say my favorite song is a tie between the beautiful ballad (produced by Babyface) &quot;Try It On My Own&quot; and the great lyric-wise number &quot;Unshamed.&quot; Another highlight is a one-of-a-kind remake of &quot;You Light Up My Life.&quot; I also like the single &quot;Whatchulookinat.&quot; Overall, any fan of Whitney should get this album. My only complaint is that there are only TEN tracks on it. I think the company must have rushed her into releasing it. Whatever the reason is, I still reccomend &quot;Just Whitney'&quot; to Pop and R&amp;B fans. Overall grade: A-
a decent game, but hardly better then 3 out of 5. for that reason it gets a 1.
Ms. Deen has put together a simple yet delicious group of desserts that ooze Southern charm. A lot of these I remember from growing up and others just look delicious. I have made the signature Gooey Butter Cakes and many of the cookies. The Stick To Your Mouth Chocolate Cookies are sinful! Anyone interested in either Southern Desserts or just easy to prepare, delicious ends to their meals must purchase this book. You won't be disappointed at all.
I guess this shirt features some beautiful artwork, but do they make a men's version? I'm thinking like "The Keymaster" or something a little less Georgia O'Keeffe and a little more Conan the Destroyer. I want a shirt that's masculine, but not quite as powerful as a Breakthrough Wolf to round out my semi-casual wardrobe and to be honest the last thing I want is some purple sniz fairy bursting out of my chest like a baby alien.
I bought this cd from Scholastic for over $15 and it doesn't work on newer computers. My Amazing Human Body has a copyright of 1997. When I tried to install it on my Windows XP, I got a message that it might not work because this cd is for Windows 95. The computer was right, it didn't work on Windows XP. The outside of the package said it should work on Windows XP, but it sure doesn't work. What a waste of money!!
I enjoyed this movie a lot more than I thought I would have. It Really is worth viewing in my humble opinion and is nowhere near as bad as some professional critics claim it to be. I thought V was a very good character and Hugo Weaving did a great job of portraying him on screen. It's taken me awhile to get around to this movie but now I've watched it it's on my "to watch again" list for sure. Great stuff!
An excellent writer, but i feel this book could have been longer and contained more story content on the Chamleon...a very readable and gripping story though and a nice ending...
don't waste your money on this junk.. trust me, I made that mistake.
An interesting story of three children and their exploits in the backdrop of 1930's Alabama. It keeps you riveted though it does not have the suspense, violence and corporate mumbo-jumbo of nowadays fast novels portraying big city life. This book is very soothing read, will keep you smiling to yourself and will talk to the evergreen child in yourself, you'll be happy you read it.
Twenty minute assembly, but the lamp was defective. It flashed for a brief second and then went out. Upon inspection I could see that the bulb was cracked. I called the service line but only "sales" was there at the customer service number. If they had said that they would call me in the morning, that would have been fine. But, no. They refused to take a message and told me to call them back tomorrow. When I started to say I would return the lamp, they hung up on me. What? Is that customer service? I should keep trying until "I" reach them? Better that I get a lamp from someone who will service it. However, Amazon is fantastic with their no hassle returns!! Printed out the return label immediately.Good for you, Amazon!Boo on you, Verilux!
Smallcreep's Day is a great album. Great because of it's moving, epic vision and power. It's the sort of album that takes you on a journey every time you listen to it and amazes you with it's originality and the strength of it's melodies. Smallcreep's Day is based on a book of the same name about a guy who dares to leave his assigned place inside a factory where he lives and explore the rest of his world. Of course this would be impossible to know if you don't have the LP, because none of the liner notes are reproduced on this edition. Neither are the lyrics which is a shame because not only are they meaningful and poetic but some of them are difficult to understand through the music. The vocals, however, are excellent just the same - the singer is perfectly suited to the music.Anyone who likes Genesis (pre-1983 especially) should like this album. It has the same sort of feeling as on their best work. I suppose the closest comparison I can make is to Duke, although Smallcreep's Day has it's own thing going. If you're seriously into Genesis, this is a must own. If you're just looking for more progressive rock to listen to, it's a must own also. Come to think of it, anyone who likes good music in general should buy it. The only person I can think of who shouldn't would be someone who thinks Invisible Touch was the be all and end all. And in that case, you should be forced to listen to it anyway.
Master dropped another hot album! Very crunk and deffiently one of his top albums. best songs Yappin, and Shut It Down. Go out and get this album now!!
I don't know if the one I got was defective, but this product should have never gotten past whatever agency rates toys for this age group. The bolt that connects the handle mechanism to the wagon frame does not lock, so whenever you turn the handle you slowly unscrew the bolt! You can't have an 18 month old playing with a tiny little bolt that fell off. Terrible, absolutely terrible and this should be pulled off the market.
Though I'm not a screen writer but a novelist, the late Blake Snyder's blunt and humorous take on what's required to create a saleable work of fiction is a real eye-opener. While using his &#34;Beat Sheet,&#34; a description of how the parts of a plot work together and where within a ms. they should fall, I began to understand the how and why of plotting, which had escaped me for the two years I'd studied it. Have I sold a ms. yet? Too early, haven't completed the one I was working on when I stumbled into the book at the public library and decided I needed a copy of my own. But that's the kick. If your library has it, check it out, and I'll bet you end up buying your own copy.
My major complaint with this book is that there isn't any completion to any part of the story. The main character marries man after man, dumps him, moves on to another victim, etc. There is no carry through with the separation, divorce, murder etc. Even when the "black widow" is brought to trial, the author ends the book reporting that she and her cohort have been fould guilty of murder in the first degree, but there's isn't an account of the sentencing phrase of the trial.The whole book is a series of "left up in the air." More time and atttention should have been devoted to finalizing the relationship with each husband.This said, the book is very well-written. The author moves the text along at a steady pace, but the chapters are a little too lengthy.
This video told the story of Crockett in a easy way for young children (5-7) to understand. It was not realistic which is appropriate for that age. If it was too realistic it might be too scary and intense. Example: the talk to Davy as he packs to leave for the Alamo and discuss what will happen there but show no scenes. It is a bit hokey and a little on the simplistic side - again, appropriate for the younger children. It does skip through a lot of material with a little less explanation than I would have liked from the video "teacher". Also, I wasn't real thrilled with the misbehaving older children featured in the video story line but they reformed in the end. My son, who is not used to commercial tv, was surprised by the children's behavior (made him glad he homeschools! :-) but I watched it with him and we talked about this as well as helping bridge the different time periods in which the main character visits Davy.
This movie is nothing like the novel, a pretty good novel of World War II escape from a German prison of war camp. The people who adapted the novel obviously know nothing of World War II prison camps in the Third Reich. Each branch of the armed forces had its own prison camp. In 'Hart's War,' only flyers were held in the pow camp, no infantry or navy. What I enjoyed about the book was the character development among the prisoners and the Germans which led to a very realistic conclusion, which unfortunately, was completely lacking in the movie. The characters were changed; the incidents were changed; and the development of the plot was changed, so much, the movie does not resemble the novel. The exchange between Farrel and Howard is critical to the story line, and it is completely lacking in the movie, so much, that the movie makes no sense. Even turning the Commandant of the pow camp into a sadistic German is laughable: it did not happen in pow camps. The Commandants were usually retired or disabled German officers of the branch that held the prisoners, and they respected their prisoners. The SS were used in concentration camps. The pathos was gone entirely from the novel in this movie. If I could, I would rate this movie a turkey, and even that is too high. The movie makes no sense; to fully understand the movie one must read the book--this will lead the reader to the conclusion that the movie is a horrible mishmash of nonsense. This has to be one of the worse adaptations of a novel ever made; I could hardly see the novel in this movie. I would strongly recommend instead the classic 'The Great Escape,' 'The Wooden Horse,' or 'The Colditz Story' for a good World War II pow escape movie.
I just returned this phone after owning it for two weeks. The actual phone was decent enough...good layout and good sound. What I hated was the caller_id...for some reason the caller_id only displayed after two or three rings...way too late and not much time before the phone rolled into voicemail.I called Panasonic 1-800 about the slow caller_id and they admitted customers complained about it. They gave me a few setting to try changing on my phone. I performed the suggestions but no change for my slow caller_id...so I returned the phone...
Go Tell It On The Mountain is a very bold book. In an era when "Ebonics" had not been coined yet, when being black was not every white kids style, James Baldwin stayed so true to the African-American colloquialism. James Baldwin has written with complete truthfulness and self-questioning this parable of finding yourself, finding your belief, finding your God. Are these even different things, or is it one? It is this honesty which keeps you engrossed. Whether you'll end up loving this book or not probably depends on your personal equation with the Supreme Being, but what you will definitely admire and carry forward is his honesty, honesty about the lives of African-Americans, honesty which is also echoed in the language.Go Tell It On the Mountain is a biblical story of a youth dealing with his personal demons with regards to religion at an age where sin has not manifested itself in any form whatsoever in him. John finds himself in the difficult position of questioning his faith. John's mental turmoil in separating the men of god from god itself and paving a religious path for himself is very touching. This mirroring of thoughts which are timeless in nature, pulls you into the story. You find yourself questioning along with John, praying along with his mother Elizabeth and feeling betrayed by his father Gabriel.James Baldwin delves into each characters personal quest to achieve a place next to God. He frankly describes the African-American homes, the depth to which they are influenced by Christianity. So much so that at times you find it disconcerting. The two-facedness, the fake righteousness of the sanctified men makes you cringe with discomfort, followed by skepticism. Which is why, when John ends up being saved, I felt deceived. What brings about John's confirmation to the faith? Is it the hope to be freed from suffering that is passed on to him from generations? Is it to assuage the curiously skirted guilt of homosexuality? Could it have to do with the evangelist nature of African-American church services, where the charged up atmosphere, the childhood influences, the trance-like energy which may make one forget all inhibitions, insecurities and embrace that which is core to one and all, an eagerness to believe.That this is a story of a different era is not to be forgotten. The depth to which James Baldwin writes about the African-American psyche, their hope in being freed from their suffering, their expectant belief in their faith, gives you reason to half-heartedly agree to the biblical end to the story.This book, makes me curious of the role that guilt, fear and a hope for change, plays in bringing people closer to their god. Yes, signs of a true skeptic, but maybe in one of my trance-like states caused by certain unmentionable substances that might change and make me a believer.[...].
Like just about everyone else has mentioned the supplied instructions just had me scratching my head..until I just slipped it into the hinge to see how it fit. Then it becomes clear how it works.The problem is that the way they tell you to install it is pretty much impossible to do because once it's in the hinge there is no clearance to rotate a wrench enough to go as far around as you need to. I gave up after an hour before I started throwing tools through the walls. I slept on it overnight.Here is how I did it:First, oil the shaft. Then first see if it is going to slide into the hinge without much friction. I was lucky because once I took the brass sleeve off it slipped in smoothly.Once you're sure it will slip in without much trouble, TAKE IT OUT FOR THE ADJUSTMENT. Don't even bother to try it their way.Once it's out and you're sitting comfortably, place the legs directly opposite of each other on the shaft. There will be no tension on the spring at this point. Then clamp the legs tight using Vice Grips so they won't slip out and rotate. Clamp them high up on the lowest leg so you don't torque anything out of whack when you tighten the Vice Grips down on the legs. Also, clamp them using the very end of the Vice Grips so you have as much clearance as you can get from the door.In my case I then just held the Vice Grips firmly between my knees (probably a better method exists) and turned the nut clockwise about 3/4 of a turn, then simply slid the pin into a slot to secure the tension (with the legs still clamped).Then since you've already established that the pin will slide into the hinge without much effort, just slide it in ALL THE WAY DOWN while the Vice Grips are still clamping the legs. Release the Vice Grips and you're done!In my case I only wanted the door to shut and not latch. If you want it to actually latch you're going to have to turn the nut further.Hope that helps.Warning: In my case I didn't require much closing power so there wasn't too much pressure required by the Vice Grips. To get a lot of closing power you'd probably want to have the legs held down with something more than a Vice Grip. You definitely don't want those legs coming loose with a lot of tension being applied by turning the nut further and further.
Metal Machine Music is arguably the finest statement ever made by a Rock artist. Amidst the hour of industrial noise, Lou Reed artfully uses feedback to quote a vast array of classical and popular songs, but they can only be detected subliminally. In the first section, about three minutes into the piece, Lou Reed quotes the classic &quot;Cool Water&quot; by the Sons of the Pioneers, and it is truly something to behold. Absolutely amazing! In the second section (5:43 into the piece), you can hear a snippet of Lou performing &quot;You Don't Bring Me Flowers&quot; by Neil Diamond, with the Barbara Streisand parts of the song done in beautifully sculpted feedback. If this is not art, I don't know what is. Towards the end of the second section (15:04 into the piece) Lou really shows his virtuosity by playing his &quot;Street Hassle&quot; and Barry Manilow's &quot;Mandy&quot; simultaneously! The third section is not quite as enjoyable as the first two, since it draws heavily upon the works of Mozart, but if classical music is what you enjoy, then you will probably love it. The fourth and final section of this masterful composition should really be titled &quot;The get down and boogie&quot; section. Traces of Issac Hayes' &quot;Shaft,&quot; Curtis Mayfield's &quot;Superfly,&quot; and the classic disco tune &quot;I Love the Nightlife&quot; by the legendary Alicia Bridges can be found throughout the work, creating a delicate but funky interplay between Lou, his amplifier, and of course, you the listener. This wonderful album will bring you back to the 70s every time you listen to it, which is why I give this album the highest praise possible.
This book is an excellent introduction to color management. It is practical, but does not shy away from presenting the science behind the important concepts. Even better, the book is able to this in a way which motivates the key ideas by not drifting too deeply into the mathematics behind that science.The organization of the book was perfect -- the authors do an excellent job of presenting the material and making it very interesting. I read the book cover to cover for the first two parts (the last section applies the newly learned material to particular color-managed applications like Photoshop, Quark, etc.).I highly recommend this title to photographers and artists who are trying to understand more about what colors in your files, from your monitor, and on your prints really mean and how to take advantage of that understanding by producing outputs which are more faithful to what you intend.
Gritty, insightful account of former slaves owning slaves in antebellum Virginia. Breathtaking prose and deeply moving character development. Hands down the most compelling book I've read in the past several years.
Yue Zhang, I am not sure if you will read this review. But in any case, a general note about sound. This TV comes with so called "Perfect sound" set to on. I didn't know about that for a while. Out of the box the sound was VERY low. One day I thought it is not possible for a unit this good to have such a lousy sound. Then I found the "Perfect Sound" under the Setup-Audio, turned it off, and voila, I got great sound! Hope it helps folks who didn't thinker with Audio properties of this TV.As a more general note, I have the unit for more than a year, and I like it very much. Even though it is not true HD (1080P), the picture is great. Also, I leave in Austin area, and when it is on Air, it picks up 4-5 over the air HD channels with impeccable quality.
If you're mad that they now have the complete 6 seasons in one package and you went and bought them individually do what I did; unload those great DVDs with the cheap plastic packaging (scotch taped and all) on Amazon Marketplace (you can sell them individually or sell all 6 seasons as a complete set). You'll take a loss, but with the money you'll make from the sale (between $100 and $150) you can put it toward this new set and you'll be getting more extras than you did on the old set.
I read this book a few wks ago while on holiday in Greece. It is very well written and quite interesting. I am recommending it to my friends.
dvd works. package not disintegrated. it is as it claimed to be, who wouldn't be happy with such an outcome?
This album was a rushed recording project and it shows. During 1965 at the height of Beatlemania, the guys were rushed into the studio at the end of the year after a successful tour and hit film. They had absolutely no time to do any recording so basically everything was pulled from where the sun doesn't shine. There are a few tracks that stand out such as "I'm Looking Through You" and "If I Needed Someone" but all in all these songs might as well have been put on the Please Please Me album (which the song "Wait" was a song written during that time). The only really cool thing about this album is the effected photograph used as the front cover. Other than that, I really don't see what is so pivitol about this album.
I've been using a 3 foot cable from Radio Shack for an auxiliary jack in my car to connect my iPod. I've never liked the way it slops around and how it's emblazoned with the 'Radio Shack' label on each end. Radio Shack sucks and I don't want to be reminded that I kept that lame business alive with a purchase no matter how small. Nonetheless, I only need about 2 feet of chord and thought it would be nice to have something that retracts out of the way. I was in Target, noticed the Scosche and thought 'problem solved'.The cable unit is very compact but tangles really easily, and that tangle is just enough to drive me nuts. It seems I spend half the time I use the unit untangling it. Sadly, the problem is a simple one. A guide unit separating the two cables would work great, had the company designed it that way. But they didn't and this thing will tangle nearly every time you use it. Sorry, I don't need products that frustrate me like this one so back it goes.If you have the unit and can't return it you should note that it tends not to tangle if you simultaneously and carefully pull both cables sides out with steady, equal pressure, but again, if you're not locked into owning this I'd skip it and consider a Belkin.
My 3 cats love this. The larger kibble does get them to chew instead of just gulping it down like the smaller kibble. A big bonus is that the daily vomiting has stopped. I would rate this 5 stars except that I am not crazy about the amount of grain in the ingredients. Other than that this is good stuff.
I purchased these cliff notes for my son who was reading this book as a school assignment. The names, terms, society, everything in Dickens' book are just too different from modern American society for a young person to comprehend very well, let alone be 'tested' on. He read both the book and the cliff notes and needed both to really understand what was going on and the point of many of the passages.
My teenage son recommended this band to me and he was right. They are very fresh and the music is exceptional. I highly recommend this album to anyone that appreciates good music.
Someone needs to tell Vitamin Records (aka get rich quick) to stop making horrible tribute albums! DO NOT BUY THIS UNLESS YOU WANT TO HEAR RADIOHEAD RUINED. Thank you and good night.
This futon frame is pretty well made, and not too hard to put together even though I am not that handy with tools. I did use a power tool to put the screws in, and there were naturally quite a few. Without the power tool it undoubtably would have been harder to do. The directions were good, though, so there weren't any terribly muddled moments during the assembly. The assembled frame is sturdy and is pretty easy to put into recliner mode. I just wish that there were more slats, because my all-cotton futon tends to follow the dips between the slats which isn't too comfortable for sleeping. I put an inexpensive closed cell mat between the futon and the frame to help with that.
Wow!Upon picking up Crime and Punishment I am not exactly sure what I expected. I had listened to half of Anna Karenina on Audiobook a few years prior and I remember enjoying the way in which Tolstoy created vivid scenes through a brilliant combination of dialogue and narrative. I figured that since Dostoevsky and Tolstoy were both contemporaries in Russia, in the mid-1800s, they probably wrote in the same manner (Yes, I know this is ridiculous logic...yet, it seems to have worked in this case; so, to all those people who do not enjoy stereotypes and mass generalization, I say, "Ehh???").I had also come across a handful of references to Crime and Punishment in multiple philosophical essays. Most of the time, these essays criticized Dostoevsky's viewpoint, expressed through C&P;, that the ends justifies the means. Of course, seeing myself as one who would ideally like to see Kantian morality embraced throughout the entire world, I was also hoping to identify this and take issue with it.Having just finished C&P;, I can state that from a literary and artistic viewpoint I was blown away. I would describe Dostoevsky as the perfect mix of Dickens and Austen. He narrates as good or better than Dickens and his dialogue is even better than the dialogue of Pride and Prejudice. Reading C&P; is a complete sensory experience, that keeps one entertained, intrigued, and thinking throughout the whole of the story.Ostensibly, the story is about a man named Rodion Romanych, who goes by the name Raskolnikov, who kills an old lady and her sister in order to steal a few thousand roubles. However, as much as one always feels this storyline and Raskolnikov's guilt haunting every page, the story is much more: almost a compendium of stories describing what it was like to live in Russia in the 1800s. Everyone's story is told, whether that person is a merchant, a prostitute, an official, a student, an old widow, etc. etc. Through these stories, the philosophy of Raskolnikov is also put on display.I say the philosophy of Raskolnikov, as opposed to the philosophy of Dostoevsky, because even though Raskolnikov is the protagonist; even though the reader finds themselves sympathizing and suffering with Raskolnikov; even though the reader finds themselves despising those persons whom Raskolnikov despises, Raskolnikov is not a good person. He is never set up by Dostoevsky to be a good person; he kills an old lady in cold blood, with the blunt end of an axe at the beginning of the story, then splits her sister's head open with the working side of the axe blade. Raskolnikov is not the vehicle one would use to express their own moral philosophy; yet, he might be the vehicle one would use to simply expose a popular moral philosophy of the time.Other philosophers are right to identify that philosophy as an "ends justifies the means" take on morality; yet, this is not difficult because Dostoevsky does nothing to obscure Raskolnikov's ideology. Instead, he very clearly states it multiple times, as such in this paragraph:"I merely suggested that an 'extraordinary' man has the right...that is, not an official right, but his own right, to allow his conscience to...step over certain obstacles, and then only in the event that the fulfillment of his idea--sometimes perhaps salutary for the whole of mankind calls for it...In my opinion, if, as the result of certain combinations, Kepler's or Newton's discoveries could become known to people in no other way than by sacrificing the lives of one, or ten, or a hundred or more people who were hindering the discovery, or standing as an obstacle in its path, then Newton would have the right, and it would be his duty...to remove those ten or a hundred people, in order to make his discoveries known to all mankind."I do not want to spoil this story in any manner, as I believe that anyone who has yet to read C&P;, should immediately take up the task and treat themselves to some of the finest literature they will ever read.For more book reviews and suggestions, please visit: [...]
Algis Budrys must be on the top-10 list of the most underestimated writers of all times. Not in our beloved SF habitat, where he got two Hugo nominations, but in the mainstream, where he could, and should be compared to the greatest writers of the second part of the 20th century.Actually, the only flow of Rogue moon is that it dares to surmise that a matter transmitter would be up and running in 1960, which to me sounds equivalent to a Neanderthal coming out of a cave texting on a Blackberry. The writer's attempt to tackle the technology is decent, but it is not the strong point of the novel. The strong point of the novel, the point that gives it 4 stars and a suggestion to go ahead and read it, is the characters. Because, once looked inside, even professional critics outside the SF habitat, would find it hard to point something wrong with the way Algis Budrys presents his complex and fascinating protagonists.Actually, as was the case with another of Budrys' finest, "Who?" the reader will find that he cares more for the heroes and what happens to them than the science in the stories. Also, for those pondering on philosophical questions regarding death, this is an "on my list" novel.The "characters first, science second" pattern is so rare in SF that a few purists would even consider it to be a disadvantage. I don't and I highly recommend this obscure gem.
People of faith believe that their commitment to that faith is strong and can endure even the greatest challenges to it. When it is tested, they stand firm, never waivering but suppose that your faith could cause suffering and even death to others. To watch others die over and over again because of what you believe would wear on the beliefs of the strongest of individuals.Rodrigues has his faith tested to its limits. The frustration he faces brings him through a journey of relationships with simple people who risk all for him and others who betray him at every turn. In the midst of it all, God is "silent"...This is no "feel good" read but it will move you and cause you to think about your own faith.
We tried this instead of Rx remedies after Rescue Remedy didn't help my Aussie. This stuff works great. You just can't give it to them for more than two weeks or it stops working. Definitely worth a shot if you have a dog that freaks during thunderstorms!
One of the low-raters commented that one might as well read a novel. I have to admit I have never studied philosophy, and couldn't tell you if 3 words in this book are true, but the writing is just lovely. Especially as I age I've lost interest in novels, but this wonderful writing calls me back time after time. His opening lines on Spinoza are priceless.
My kids, 10 and 12 years old, are not avid book or comic book readers, but the devaoured the 9 volumes in a couple of weekends.The quality of the book was flawless.Even I enjoyed it.
Phil Spector should have been on trial for murder years ago. Murder of an entire band's appeal. I'm a pretty big Ramones fan, and I'll be the first to admit their later work is totally lame, but the blood of this record is on Spector's probably alreadly bloodied hands. (I mean, chances are, right?) Don't get me wrong, his wall of sound works some places - - pretty much of all of his work with The Righteous Bros. is quality i.e. "Unchained Melody", but "End of the Century" is totally flat. Even still, the music on it is only OK. If someone somewhere pulled a "Let It Be...Naked" on this album I would at most give it 2.5 stars. Anyway, save your money. Personally, I wouldn't even check this out at the library.
Get a box of Kleenex and a cup of Hot Chocolate because this movie requires both. It will break your hreart and it is a love story, so put another log on the fire and get ready for a really wonderful movie.
This group is amazing. This is the best dancehall album out there, maybe with the exception of Dutty Rock. These guys flow with the best, and add catchy, modern Jamaica lyrics and CRAZY beats, and you have a 5-star endeavor. Regardless of where she is what she's doing, my wife can't help but shake it. More T.O.K!
I found this book to be very interesting because I liked reading about the foster care issues. Life is often mean and cruel and I think it is important to remember that children need our protection. Well written.
Good CD single & great cover art! This is a FANTASTIC cd single!! You can't go wrong with any of the tracks. Denis & Denyse Le page have gone under many many names for the group LIME. LIME, Le Page, Kat Mandu, Voggue (Denyse Le Page & Her Friend), Erotic Drum Band, Direct Input, Step By Step (Denis & Denyse Le page), Denis & Denyse Le page, Mother F, NINI No Bless, No Bless, Denis Le Page, Peter Batah, & Many Many More! I should know i have the biggest LIME collection in the world. LIME has always been a feel good band with many club circuit hits & as a DJ i have seen many a dance floor packed with LIME's disco beats. If you are a true LIME fan then you must check out the band No Bless (2 albums). It is Denis Lepage (LIME) solo & also check our NINI No Bless,.... are you ready for this? NINI NO Bless is Denis Lepage (LIME), YES that's Denis Le Page with the wig, fish nets, 6" heels & makeup to boot, full blown DRAG. The music is quite unique & features Denis' deep rough voice, A SUDDEN RISE is a FANTASTIC track on this album. There are a few other good tracks on A SUDDEN RISE CD as well. You can buy the MP3 tracks right here on Amazon. The audio clips Amazon gives are not enough to get into the songs though. Join NINI No Bless on My Space & check out the video of NINI No Bless (Denis Le Page) on You Tube, you won't beleive your eyes. LIME will always be one of my favorite dance groups of all time & i hope Denis & Denyse will keep us supplied with their unique vocals & sounds. Schroeder (DJ WACK "O") of Orbital Traxx Records, Wack "O" Publishing & Cult Movies Magazine.
When it comes to voice quality, Vic Damone has (to quote Ol'Blue Eyes) certainly "the best set of pipes in the business". Warmer than Sinatra's, intenser than Dean's or Perry Como's, less strained in the upper register than Bing's and more relaxed than Andy Williams's (a terribly overrated singer), his voice is likely to win you over quite easily (like Matt Monro's or Nat Cole's). You might expect Damone to win top honours with these two lp's-on-one-cd reissues, but he doesn't. It's not as if it were his fault though. The producer's choice of arranger-band leaders and material is disappointing. Most of the "Angela Mia" Italian songs had been waxed before by Dean Martin, and arranger Glenn Osser clearly decided to go Dean one better, but in trying to do so poured it on in such a way that the string laden orchestra and female chorus smother Damone in thick carpets of lushness. Never is there even a hint of Dean's happy holiday atmosphere of "On an Evening in Roma" or the gay sway of "Volare". The many rubato intros and endings with shimmering strings and who-hoo-ing girl singers become increasingly irritating as tune after tune follows the same pattern. Sadly too, the barcarolle rhythms that conjure up such a nice mediterranean atmosphere are constantly being interupted by two beat rhythm interjections. A missed chance, one star!.The "On the Swinging Side" is better, to be sure, but not good enough to be wholly satisfactory. Arranger Jack Marshall sometimes relies on instruments that are not standard big band fare such as the percussion on "Falling in Love with Love", the ukulele on "Swingin Down the Lane" that are not always functional, though the harpsichord on "It's Allright with Me" is quite pleasant, (although plagiarised almost note for note from the Dutch Swing College Band's recording of "I've Found a New Baby"!). And why are the selections so short? Nine of the twelve tracks run to under 2:30, so how can a fellow make the most of a tune? Plas Johnson's tenor sax is limited to interjections of only a couple of notes at best and Marshall's propensity for finnicky arranging traits like flute / xylophone interspersions do not make for a musically satisfying amalgam at all. How sad that Damone was not coupled with an arranger of the stature of a Nelson Riddle (but CBS had Mitch Miller at the helm, so what could one expect?). After Damone's switch to Capitol, things turned out a little better for him (and us). Three stars, but to counterbalance the others, two will do.
I own several cd &quot;singles&quot; by Enya, and have to say, although each is a masterpiece in its own right, WILD CHILD surpasses all of them.Wild Child, the second and most current single off Enya's multi-platinum hit A Day Without Rain, never really garnered the amount of recognition the first single, Only Time, did. Although Wild Child isn't as touching or deep as Only Time, it is a splendid piece. The strings, synthesizer, and roaring melody that all combine in this piece are breathtaking. Joyous, happy, soaring and passionate, I can't help but get a smile on my face when I listen to this invigorating song. I really enjoy this song because it shows a different side of Enya-a little lighter and a lot more upbeat. It's unencumbered, invigorating, and revitalizing. It doesn't exactly break the mold of previous Enya singles, but why should it? Enya's got a formula, it works, and why should she change it? Enya's voice really seems to have heart and rhythm in this piece, as well, and that's another reason why I adore WILD CHILD. Note: The difference between this &quot;radio edit&quot; edition and the regular song off the cd is that this edition runs 3:33, about fourteen seconds less than the album addition, cutting of some of the incessant repetitions of &quot;what a day&quot; at the end of the song.The second piece on this single is an extremely rare non-album track, &quot;Midnight Blue.&quot; It's an instrumental, a synthesizer being the predominate instrument I would presume. It's relaxed, fresh, and carries some of the similar feeling of WILD CHILD. At 2:04, it's the perfect length for an instrumental such as this.The real gem, though, of the WILD CHILD single is &quot;Song of the Sandman.&quot; I love this extremely moving piece. It's categorized as a &quot;lullaby,&quot; but I think it's a bit more passionate than a lullaby while incorporating the soothing, gentle elements indicative of a lullaby. If it doesn't put you in a more stress-free state, it will certainly move you emotionally with its tender lyrics. This song really should have been included on A Day Without Rain, perhaps after Fallen Embers.Purchase the WILD CHILD single and you'll get almost ten minutes of music that is comprised of a marvelous, upbeat title track along with two very rare, very special songs.
One of the worst movies I have ever seen! Enough positive reviews out there for you to read to balance my negative one.I am warning you though, you may hate it! I am glad I was half sleeping during the movie and didn't have to waste a full 90 minutes of my life watching it.
Oh "Brother" you have created a great machine! I have been raving about it to everyone I know. I was a little leary about buying an all in one machine because usually the quality of one or more of the functions suffer but I have tried all the features and everything works as it should with even better results than I expected. The scanner even works and I have NEVER had a scanner that actually works without problems. The phone is fantastic - my husband is hard of hearing and he can hear just fine on this phone, in fact I just ordered an extension line phone. I love the fact that you can set different ring tones on it, there is 5 ringers and 2 music settings. The answering machine delivers crisp voice quality, you don't have to listen to the message half a dozen times to get a phone number. Unwanted messages are SIMPLE to erase. The copy function does everything my big copier at work does and the copies look even better! It is also a very nice looking machine, I don't mind having it on my desktop at all. The ink cartridges are reasonably priced and deliver great colors. The only improvement as far as I am concerned would be to extend the answering machine greeting, you only get 20 seconds, we are using this in a home office and 20 seconds is too short to record business information, 30 seconds would be ideal. I totally LOVE LOVE LOVE this machine, I will never go back to HP or Epson machines. I have actually been creating work just so I can use the machine :-) Great work Brother!
I assigned myself this book to read because I am working on a degree in history, with the aim of teaching high school history. Now that I have finished, I'll never inflict this reading on my students. This is easily the most tedious, boring book I have ever read. I think that is partly why Hitler was able to get away with basically spelling out his plans years before he came to power, and people were still surprised when he did exactly what he said he would do. Also no one took him seriously, and were horrified when they found he actually believed all this drivel he wrote.Still, it is a very important book historically, because it announced his plans 15 years before he carried them out. World leaders who wondered what Hitler was about had only to pick up Mein Kampf. As I read this book, I noted the most glaring cases of anti-Jewish remarks, as well as Hitler's views on the rest of the world. Often, the two subjects are intertwined. The quotes you read below are just some of the worst examples; this book is packed with countless other lies against the Jews and other nations.GERMANY VS THE WORLD:P.134, "Unused soil exists for people with force to take it."P.138, "Don't let political boundaries obscure the boundaries of eternal justice." (Borders of other nations)P.139, "What (land) is refused by amicable methods, it is up to the fist to take."P.255, "No half-measures; gravest/most ruthless decisions to be made."P.398, "Victory lies eternally and exclusively in attack."P.455, "Terror is only broken by equal terror."P.610, "The aim of a German foreign policy of today must be the preparation for the reconquest of freedom for tomorrow."P.611, "For the oppressed territories are led back to the bosom of a common reich, not by flaming protests, but by a mighty sword."P.651, "The boundaries of 1914 mean nothing at all for the German future."P.651, "Only childish & naive minds think to correct Versailles by wheedling and begging."P.652, "We National Socialists must hold unflinchingly to our aim in foreign policy, namely, to secure for the German people the land & soil to which they are entitled on this Earth."P.654, "Germany will either be a world power or there will be no Germany."P.654, "If we speak of soil in Europe today, we have in mind only Russia and her border states."P.660, "Let no one argue that in concluding an alliance with Russia we need not immediately think of war; an alliance whose aim does not embrace a plan for war is senseless and useless."P.688, (conclusion) "A state which in this age of racial poisoning dedicates itself to the care of its best racial elements must someday become Lord of the Earth."HITLER'S VIEWS OF THE PEOPLE:P.107, "Broad masses can only be moved by power of speech."P.341, Calls voters "Bourgeois voting cattle."P.375, Refers to "Unshakable stupidity of the voting citizenry."P.465, "The NSDAP should not be the servant of the masses, but their master."P.577, "National Socialism must lay claim to the right to force its principles on the whole German nation."P.608, Calls people "Great stupid sheep's herd of patient lamb-like people."P.654, Refers to African nations as "Little ni***r nations."P.659, Openly says he appraises value of men on racial basis.ANTI-JEWISH REMARKSP.169, Refers to Jews as "Poisoners of people."P.206, "There is no making pacts with the Jews."P.232, Refers to Jews as "Great masters of the lie."P.244, Says Jews control the press.P.246, "A 30cm shell hisses louder than a thousand Jewish newspaper vipers, so let them hiss."P.255, "Clear away filth of civilization, ignoring screams."P.272, "Jews in the press promoted lies about Germany in WWI."P.308, "Once this book (Mein Kampf) is common property of the people, the Jewish menace may be considered broken."P.324, "The personification of the devil as the symbol of all evil assumes the living shape of the Jew."P.351, "The Jew is the great master in lying, and lies & deceit are his weapons in struggle."P.453, "The first task is the elimination of the existing Jewish state."P.556, Accuses Jews of manipulating Northern & Southern Germans against each other in WWI.P.561, First uses the term "Jewish question."P.638, Refers to "Jewish plot to rule the world."P.651, "It is the inexorable Jew who struggles for domination over nations; no nation can remove this hand from its throat except by the sword, and such a process is and remains a bloody one."P.661,"(The Jew) goes his way, sneaking in among the nations from within; he fights with lies and slander, intensifying the struggle to the point of bloodily exterminating his hated foes."P.662, Says Jews are from Satan.P.679, "If at the beginning of the war (WWI) or during the war 12,000 or 15,000 of these Hebrew corruptors of the people had been held under poison gas, the sacrifice of millions at the front would not have been in vain."By now it should be crystal clear how evil this man was, and this book is. This book was dictated while Hitler was in prison in 1924, and published soon after. It would be nearly a decade before he gained power. You have to wonder why his opponents and other world leaders who read this book at the time did not take it more seriously, especially in the late 1930's leading up to war. It's all laid out here; his determination to dominate Europe, to ally with Russia and then betray her, his contempt for the common citizen, his lust to tear up the Versailles treaty, and his unending hatred of the Jews. He openly hints at his desire to destroy the Jewish people many times. These views are mixed in with endless, incomprehensible rambling that will put you to sleep faster than Nyquil. Still, we only have to read it; Hitler was notorious for putting his own generals to sleep with his hours-long tirades.In any case, at the end of the book I was left with a feeling of disbelief that the rest of the world had not seen it coming, with this material available for anyone to read. I know that hindsight is 20/20, but hopefully the next time we are confronted with this kind of insanity, we'll be a little more quick to recognize it.
Yawn.... if you think real weddings are boring, try sitting through scene after scene of toasts, smiling kissy face or teary face bride and groom, overly looooong and contrived scenes such as the one involving a contest between the groom and the bride's father to see who can load the dishwasher the fastest-which was only used as a plot device to sneak in a child's plate ( I do not want to give it away) ... I could not believe this movie has been touted as so exceptional. There were some clever scenes but few and far between.We have seen this before- 20 something screwed up misunderstood waif with a heart of gold who does not take any responsibility for herself ..oh yes she is in rehab but merely uses it as an excuse for more pity. Ann Hathaway was OK, certainly better in this than she was in Brokeback Mountain or that horrid Prada movie, but this seems to be the kind of part pretty actresses get raves over- smoke, sulk, have bad hair and smeary makeup, and act out for attention. I do not think it is Oscar worthy but she is the It Girl of the Moment and will probably get the award.Had there been more meat to the story and less blabbering toasts and scenes of partying guests dancing, had the great and underused Debra Winger been able to actually have a stronger role in this movie, especially since she was the pivotal cause of Kym's ( Ann Hathaway) pain, it would have been interesting. The father was featured way more than necessary... he was a super co dependent which was hammered in over and over. Yea, I got it. After learning about the dad, I wanted to know more about the Debra Winger character especially given that she was so important a factor I would have loved more scenes with her and actually less scenes with the bride Rachel.Also, whenever Debra Winger was on the screen, man, her charisma and star power is still there, I swear! Hollywood, give that woman another movie to star in would you!?The great stage actress Anna Devere Smith should have been given more to do than smile or get teary eyed, there could have been some deeper scenes with her, how she was fitting into this family, but we did not get deeper with her either. This was a movie that didn't know what it wanted to say beyond the cliches. And a movie that needed a lot of pruning and editing!I will say it was fantastic to see a movie with a multicultural cast, although they were each so earnest and artsy I got the feeling the Lumet and Demme families had gathered up all their indie friends to party. Good music.The movie had that naturalistic style so many movies from the 70s had, I wondered if writer Jenny Lumet's dad's influenced her ( Her dad is the great Sidney Lumet, which also had me wondering if that was how such a self indulgent script got made into a movie).A huge plus was the cinematography, each scene was completely beautiful, I will say. A visual treat. I did not know beforehand about the handheld camera work and for some reason, I did not get nauseous or dizzy, it really did not bother me, in fact I did like it-The sets were exceptionally captivating. The scenery , the houses were lovely, Connecticut looked magical. Even the gosh-awful toasts and party scenes were made watchable by the cinematography. The wedding cake was spectacular. Fast forward to that part.
Unlike a lot of NWW releases, which are kind of a dissonant fusion of tape loops, free jazz, and random blasts of noise, SFL is essentially what sounds like long droning transmissions from some metallic object deep in space. Perfect music to write to, read to, or listen to other music to. And if you happen to be listening to it while driving on a lonely country road in the dead of night, forget about it! Could freak you out.Just do yourself a favor and track down the 2005-2006 reissue. You get a nice box, a bonus disc with some newly recorded tracks in the same vein, and you'll save about $110.00 compared to what its selling for here.
This is the least accurate mouse we own, and we own more than a handful. I was using this mouse on a broad armed leather chair. Every mouse I've ever used on the chair has performed very well. It's almost a perfect material for a mouse pad -- firm, not shiny, not rigid. Yes this mouse just tracks poorly. Also, the Logitech optical mouse we've bought has a more convenient storage device for the USB dongle. This one has to be pried off. The Logitech one just slides into a slot.
The Europeans have a habit, as maybe we all do, of losing track of priorities. A German pastor in 1968 told me that his church was packed during World War II. At that time, in the sixties, it was more or less filled. Today - very few believers over there. "Lone Star Stalag," by M Waters, mentions that a POW camp in Texas had over a thousand attending services when they first arrived - later down to a dozen, after they found out the Americans would not mistreat them.The Nuremberg captives had several months to reset their priorities and many of them, thanks to the Missouri Synod pastor, a German speaker, did do so before their time of grace had expired. Hermann Goering apparently could not - he would say he believed in God, but that God would have no interest in someone as inconsequential as himself ("little Hermann Goering"). Joachim von Ribbentrop asked his wife, during a visit, to make sure their children were baptized. He told the chaplain, at the foot of the gallows, that they would see each other again and went up the steps.So it is worth reading a book like this, in the matter of that priorities issue.
If any TV series needs to be remade, it's Kung Fu.Not because the original isn't excellent. It is. But because current America needs the messages in this show.I love the "subversive" teachings in this show. The classic Western is cowboys "solving" a problem with their guns and fists. It was the mythos of 1950s: the John Wayne type. These historical roots go deep for us Americans. The early English settlers saw the wild land and its indigenous people as dark and threatening, something to be defeated. (Extreme example: the plunderering, murderous Spanish Conquistadores.)Then you have Kung Fu in the 1970s showing us how shallow is the "brute force control" approach to life. (God bless those flower children, and forgive their drug addictions.)The character Kwai Chang Caine is a Shaolin monk, which comes from the Chinese Chan Buddhist tradition. Chan is the equivalent of Japanese Zen, which I know a little about. Zen teaches living in the present, which is really the only time you can live in. Also, letting go of anger, hatred, prejudices, regrets of the past, fears for the future, cravings for yet more stuff. We Westerners on our treadmill of materialism, "success," and "control" could find a lot of peace from these kinds of teachings.Buddhist style meditation, for example, has been shown to reduce stress, anxiety and depression, and also to foster compassion. There are many science-based books on this topic, such asMindfulness: An Eight-Week Plan for Finding Peace in a Frantic Worldby Dr. Mark Williams at Oxford.Buddhism, in its essential form, isn't a religion so much as a program of personal self-help. It's about accepting your reality (whatever that may be) and finding peace. Anyone can use Buddhist tools whatever their religious belief system. I'm a Christian personally, but Buddhist ideas have helped me a lot in my life. They actually help me become a better Christian.
Under Moran and Groome Catholic Education has suffered from modernism and generations of Catholics are left with little understanding of their faith. Msgr Kelly's text, the Mystery We Proclaim is one of the foundational texts used at Fransican University in the Catechetics Program. Along with the preventative method of St. John Bosco (See: The Educational Philosophy of St. John Bosco), it is changing the face of Catholic Education. Entire dioceses are being transformed through this catechetical method. This method works, keeps students interested and helps them retain information better. It draws them to the heart of our faith, Jesus Christ. What could be more important when it comes to the Deposit of Faith? This book is well worth an investment of $10.
A friend clued me on to this game and I'm thrilled. The game is pretty standard as you are dealt a deck of treasure and pirate ships - send out a treasure ship card and compete with your opponents' pirate ship cards to be the one to capture the treasure. The winner is the one with the most gold. Since the rules are pretty simple and the game only takes about 10-15 min, I found that the recommended age of 10-14 was actually too limiting as with a little coaching, my 7 yr old was able to easily play the game (she also easily playsBohnanzawhich is for 10-14 yr olds). However, to really have fun with the game you need to play the part of a pirate and get into all the piratey speech - "Avast there you Scurrrrrvy dog! I be stealing your treasurrrrrrre!!!" My kids love the opportunity to be goofy and play a fun game with Mom and Dad.
Yuk. Over-the-top gore, gratuitous nudity, Verhoeven-flavored Leftist politics, typical Hollywierd corruption. Kind of "Aliens" meets "The Puppet Masters" (and I mean the movie, not Heinlein's book).Forget this one. A tedious, pointless mess.
I recieved this and put it in my hair, the color turned out really odd, and the conditioner that came with this was gritty and didn't really condition. It looked so odd I had to go to a stylist to get the color evened out. I have used bottle color before and have never had this happen.
Beinhart's book is the most informative tome you're likely to find.
I've read several of Sedaris' books and find "Me Talk Pretty" to be the funniest and most fleshed out. From a (painfully) awkward childhood comes a plethora of hilarious recollections and musings. I was reading this at the Dr's office waiting for biopsy results (seriously), but people probably thought I was losing my mind, as I was guffawing like a moron.Sedaris' has a very unique voice and he turns the most banal life situations into one roller coaster ride of hilarity. He also perfectly balances "telling" a story and personal reflection. The pace and timing are always right on. Some authors get caught up in over analyzing their own motivations, or get too bogged down in certain details, but not Sedaris.I blog and see many who try to emulate Sedaris' style, but there's only one David Sedaris.
[...]Zak Ruvalcaba's Dreamweaver 8 Unleashed is a great book for beginner and intermediate web site designers, and advanced users moving to the Dreamweaver software!I designed my first web site in 1997 and have been designing sites since with various tools and recently started using Dreamweaver. Dreamweaver is an extraordinary tool and it contains many tools to improve the web designers work flow which significantly complicates learning how to use Dreamweaver effectively. Dreamweaver 8 Unleashed makes learning Dreamweaver 8 easy.The book is great at covering all aspects of Dreamweaver usage, is very broad in coverage, and gets to the point. Yet it is covers enough to get one through designing static web pages, managing web sites and developing intermediate level web applications with Dreamweaver.The book is not for those looking on "how to" design web pages, web sites, databases or applications. It does provide the basics on how to do all of these things using Dreamweaver 8.In seven sections it covers; getting up to speed with Dreamweaver 8, Static web page development, team collaboration, incorporating multimedia and automation, and creating and building dynamic web pages. The latter is demonstrated using four server-side technologies, ASP, ASP.NET, ColdFusion and PHP. It also has three appendixes covering authoring XML, accessibility and extending Dreamweaver.The book is backed up with a book specific web site where examples and additional information can be downloaded.In comparison to other books, you would need to buy several to cover the information that is contained in this book and you may still lack the information on how to use Dreamweaver 8 effectively.
So after killing off half the characters, Martin decides that really the best way to divvy up his monster series is to provide us with a story with only the remaining characters we don't like?Ok don't get me wrong, Jaime has alot of development, Cersei is certainly interesting reading and Brienne is A-OK.But quite frankly I suspect Martin realised that fourth books in epic fantasy series are always terribly bland and because he is a compelling accomplished author, he needed to do something drastic to not buck the trend.The most frustrating thing is that his lack of attention to the more interesting characters in the series is explained at the end, not sure whether its an apology or a stout F U
Yea, yea, I know this one is a "classic". But sheesh, it's just not a good story imho. So much of it spent in the bickering between the professor and his nephew, and the "science" part of the science fiction really seems to be missing in most places. And I just flat out didn't like the reader for the audiobook. I go through a lot of audiobooks, and I consider this to be one of the worst I've listened to.
With all of the Oscar hype concerning the newly released "The Departed" you might forget that our boy, Marty, has already directed the best Irish Gangster movie of all time: "Gangs of New York". Notable for having a talented Irishman playing American and a talented American playing Irish (how's that for creative juxtoposition?) it is a gritty, wrenching, and incredibly realistic depiction of a city struggling through it's bloody growing pains.The film portrays the unique structure of Old World style tribal sensibilities superimposed on an emerging modern Industrial nation.Basically, you are seeing a charming but antiquated clannish way of life being replaced by by a national super-structure - and all of the resulting carnage.I've never seen this topic tackled before - and I can't imagine that it will ever be done better. This is a wholly unique story and theme. It is, in a word, Amazing.
C.S. Lewis's masterpiece, THE ABOLITION OF MAN, is a great work not only because it challenged the thinking of readers 50 years ago and continues to challenge our thinking today, but because it is one of the most visionary books of its time.Here Lewis discusses not only the issue of &quot;objective vs. subjective&quot; truth in a fascinating (if not definitive) manner, he also brings to bear philosophical questions about the nature and epistemology of scientific research and the ethics of genetic programming and evolutionary biology. In doing so Lewis was at least 30 years ahead of his time: his answer to the question of whether ethics could possibly be the product of evolutionary forces, a current hotspot in philosophy, has been reformulated and perhaps improved upon but not yet challenged. And while his book is a tour de force on the necessity of believing in objective truth, his question about whether empirical research is inevitably &quot;a basilisk that kills what it sees and only sees by killing&quot; has been echoed over and over by constructionist philosophers of science in recent years.You may not be persuaded by Lewis's arguments, but you will certainly be intrigued by the questions he raises.
...but I agree with the reviewer below (although not in his tone). Look, if you want to read a romance or an adventure book, then "Shogun" is fine. BUT, don't go around talking about how historically accurate it is without at least cross referencing some of the events. The late 16th centure was indeed an interesting time in Japanese history (the Sengoku period which introduced such heroes as Oda Nobunaga, Tokugawa Ieyasu, Hideyoshi Toyotomi, Takeda Shingen, just to name a few). For some good historical fiction on the time, I would suggest "Taiko" by Eiji Yoshikawa ("Musashi" by the same author, is also quite nice, although its time is the early to mid 17th century). To claim, though, that this is the Japan of the period is absurd.Thus, my review is as follows: as far as action and romance goes, this is OK (although a bit long and tedious at times). If you want to learn about Japan (or China or Vietnam, all of which seem to be lumped into this single term "The Orient"), then I would suggest doing some more serious research into the matter.
This is an excellent set, US-made if that matters to you, and the quality is top notch. It's hard to find something these days that isn't made in China to the bare minimum standards, so it's a real treat to find something that's still domestically made. When mine arrived, the box was slightly different (gray, not red, labeled Logan) but it was still the US-made version by Kastar, so that's fine by me. I don't really care what label they put on it. It bears mention that Kastar is actually an OEM for a couple of truck brands too, i.e. Snap On, so you are definitely getting good quality tools with this set.I'm happy with this for the price and the ability to still pick up an American made puller set. I'm sure it won't disappoint you and I highly recommend it.
sorry everyone but i think kelly wants to be Christina Aguilerashe tries to sound like her, dress like her, she even tittled one of her songs just like one of Christinas songs from her stripped cd. and she screams in her songs...they may share a recod label but, but there is only one Christina!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I can't wait to buy her CD in spring of 2006.............
...call me cynical but the whole film smells like a hoax...the interviews sound as if they were scripted and performed by actors -- bad actors I might add...Treadwell acts and sounds flamingly gay and in every scene appears fresh, pale skinned and cleanly shaven despite ostensibly enduring months in the Alaskan wilderness...overall he leaves an impression that he would be lucky to survive the night at a Malibu beach party much less a confrontation with a grizzly bear...and the fact that it was directed by Werner Herzog does nothing for its credibility -- ask anybody who has seen that testament to stupidity "Incident at Loch Ness"...no, something's not right here -- someone's getting their leg pulled, I think.
I liked the movie and am glad I bought it. The plot, direction, special effects, acting are all quite good. The Lizard is a great adversary. Good popcorn movie. So what's wrong? I guess I'm just so used to Tobey Maguire in the Peter Parker role that I just couldn't get used to the new actor. Kind of like Christopher Reeves as Superman, anyone else after him just doesn't seem right. Same with Harry Potter or James Bond. The first actor makes the role their own and anyone else in the role just seems to be a stand in. I understand that there's nothing they could do about that, but as someone watching the movie, I couldn't help but be aware of it through out. As mentioned by another reviewer, on it's own it's a very good movie. It just doesn't connect with my previous conceptions of Peter Parker.
South Park: Season 2 has solid comedy and originality. For me, there are not as many laugh out loud moments as there are in Season 1, which had some impeccable comedic timing. The stories in Season 2 have great social irreverence, and also many dadaesque elements. Fans of Season 1 should be right at home. Reviewed 5/25/2009 after watching instantly the entire season.
I really wanted to love this book. I was seeking an engaging survey of ancient history told in an accessible manner for young children. While it partially accomplished that goal, the book had a number of flaws.First, its format:This book consists of 42 chapters, starting in the Neolithic Age and ending with the fall of the Western Roman Empire. Each chapter is divided into one to three smaller sections. Some sections are straight-forward historical accounts. Others are retellings of Bible stories, fictionalizations of various events, or representations of myths or legends. The book attempts to cover the entire history of the world, but only a total of eight of the 42 chapter cover areas other than the Mediterranean world. Part of this is inevitable--many areas of the world were still in prehistoric ages during much of this book. However, some was by choice--SWB believes in the importance of emphasizing the Western tradition, and this comes through in the book. Whether this is a good thing or a bad thing, the book still does a better job of presenting nonWestern cultures than any of the alternative to this book that I've seen. There are a handful of illustrations and stock blackline maps. The book is self-published. There is an accompanying workbook with activities and questions. I did not buy the workbook.Its strengths:Overall, the objective is admirable: To create an accessible history of the ancient world that small children find interesting. I admire the goal quite a bit and am very sympathetic to it.Given her goals and her emphasis, SWB did an excellent job overall in selecting the topics for the sections. She deals with a lack of information--for example, about very early sub-Saharan Africa--quite well.The stories are quite accessible and are often interesting to young children. Few children will have a hard time understanding the stories.Now, on to the problems:First, the fact that the book is self-published shows in several typos, the frequent misuse of commas, and in a great fondness for exclamation marks. I know it sounds like a small thing...but it really is distracting.Second, the tone is meant to be conversational but is often simplistic to the point of being condescending. Much of the book isn't as well-written as I would like, especially the retellings and fictionalizations. I've read excerpts from her later books, and she does get much better!Third, she does a poor job between distinguishing between a factual narrative, a retelling of a religious text, a fictionalization of an historical event, and a retelling of a myth or legend. This could cause a great deal of confusion for a young child.Fourth, there really is a need for a pronuciation guide for most parents! Not many will have heard "Ashurbanipal" before.Fifth, and this is the biggest issue for me, there's a problem of accuracy throughout the text. Some errors are sheer sloppiness--she writes "flocks" when she means "herds", "vitamins" when she means "nutrients". Others are more troubling. She states that she's going to tell the story of Abram from the Bible and then freely mixes in Midrashic (extrabiblical) sources and free interpretations. She decribes New Kingdom mummification practices in the section about the Old Kingdom and the pyramids. She declares that farmers fed their livestock on grain. She makes a big deal out of the fact that early "cave men"-type nomads didn't bathe...and we would know this how? Heiroglyphs were mostly character- and syllabic-based, NOT "picture-writing," as she claims. She regularly confuses what we call places and people in English with what the people of the time and culture refered to called them--for example, Pharoah (Egyptians NEVER called their king "Pharoah") and Mesopotamia (which is Greek and not what the Babylonians or Assyrians called the area). She states that Pharoahs weren't buried in mastaba tombs when they had been before the invention of the pyramid. She states that the pyramid capstones were plated with gold when they were plated with electrum, an alloy of silver and gold. She informs the reader that the Minoan civilization was destroyed by the eruption of Thera when it really flourished two centuries after that explosion. She implies that the modern Olympics have decended from the ancient Olympics in an unbroken line of tradition. She badly distorts several Bible stories in unecessary ways--I assume out of a desire for simplicity and brevity, but the distortions are unecessary.These are errors I remembered off the top of my head. I did no fact-checking--these are just mistakes I caught as I was reading to my son. Most errors are minor, but there are simply so MANY that I found myself correcting several errors per reading session.Sixth, SWB often fails to clearly present important concepts, like the mutually assistive relationship between archeology and history and many important technological innovations and their impacts, that would be acceptible for this level.I know that many people love The Well-Trained Mind, The Story of the World, and everything SWB has written. But I can only recommend it with a very strong caveat to most users.
This is quite possibly the worst DVD transfer I have ever seen. Totally unwatchable. Do buy it no matter how cheap the price. You are throwing your money away.
Awesome product... especially for the price. I watched some war movies with it on my PS3 using the matrix and sounded awesome. Twigs breaking behind me and everything. I might look at the product that was recommended somewhere in the reviews or questions to be able to get good sound without the matrix mode though... which leads me to my one and only dislike about the product. I really wish this thing would have an HDMI input! Even without it the sound is good though. Don't hesitate to get this for a PS3.
I was shopping for an electric kettle and trying to buy a cheaper one but this one caught my eye and it looked so cool I couldn't resist. I'm so happy I ignored my frugal side and spent the money for this one. It looks so nice on my counter and I constantly get compliments. I'm actually writing this review because I was staring at it this morning thinking how happy this purchase still makes me over a year later. I use filtered water out of my britta to avoid mineral build up.
The Ruins of Dantooine is a mostly well-written story from the classic era of the Star Wars saga taking place between the events of Star Wars: A New Hope and The Empire Strikes Back. Talented author Voronica Whitney-Robinson is also a biologist, and she plays to her strengths by making her heroine, Dusque Mistflier, an Imperial bioengineer. Dusque is an intelligent and eminently competent protagonist although a bit overly prone to self-doubt. Whitney-Robinson deftly insinuates a bit of feminism into the plot which could help attract more female readers to the series. Also, the addition of romance has been trending fairly heavily recently in science fiction and fantasy, and the author adds a dash of that here, but not so much that the central action/adventure suffers at all. Like a lot of Star Wars authors, Whitney-Robinson skews heavily to the techno side of the saga and hardly touches on the mysticism of the Force at all. What is different here is the author's ability to create a large menagerie of alien fauna and her protagonist's ability to use her knowledge of "xenobiology" to keep one step ahead of death. Pantheon characters such as Luke and Leia are used sparsely, but the author does a good job of keeping them true to character. The best Star Wars stories evoke the energy of the &quot;little people&quot; risking their lives for freedom from tyranny and, in places, Whitney-Robinson captures that essence. Although there is a faint sense of incompletion suggesting that a sequel is forthcoming, this is stronger than a lot of Star Wars fiction and certainly recommended.
First, I must comment about the reviewer below (who is obviously a greater mathematician than I) - I wouldn't recommend Bredon's book to anyone who wants to study differential topology. Man, I fought through a year of algebraic topology with that book, and I'm not sure I got a darn thing out of it! Being of a more analytic, geometric mindset, however, Guillemin and Pollack's book was right up my alley.First, the authors make the wonderful assumption in the beginning that all manifolds live in R^n for some large enough n. This made study a great deal easier for me, as fighting through charts and atlases may not be the best place to start manifold theory (I don't mean to shortchange other important methods for working with differentiable manifolds, but rather I want to emphasize that many students might get lost in the machinery before learning anything of the theory). The book moves casually along (as the authors suggest, this book is nice for a smell-the-flowers two semester grad school class; we finished in Wisconsin in about a semester and a half before moving on to other pastures). The authors' reluctance to mention functors is also quite nice (I have asked many an algebraic topologist to describe these little guys, and the best answer I've heard is &quot;A functor is an arrow&quot;). A bit of analysis knowledge is nice, particularly in chapter four, and linear algebra (which seems to be a lost art, at least over here in the states) is absolutely critical.For those of you out there who want to learn a little of this vast and incredibly interesting subject, I would highly recommend this book (even over Milnor's &quot;Topology from the Differential Viewpoint&quot;, although the price of Milnor is much nicer). I must agree that this book is outrageously overpriced, but I ended up sucking it in for a month to spare the change for it. If Bredon is your cup of tea, so be it, but I think that most will find this book much more to their liking. One caveat, however: you MUST do some exercises. The authors leave important theorems entirely to exercises (some that come to mind are the &quot;Stack of Records&quot; theorem, the Jordan curve theorem, the Hopf degree theorem, the Cauchy integral formula, etc.).
While lacking the overt twistedness of &quot;Taxi Driver&quot; (one of the films which inspired this movie), One Hour Photo hits you with its subtlety. Every scene, to this film fan's eyes, seemed to have meticulously crafted mise-en-scene (in sum: setup) to contrast the bleakness of the main character Sy's life with the lushness and color of the family he becomes obsessed with.Naturally, the movie revolves around photographs, with several profound lines spoken about them towards the latter half of the film. Even the colors of the scenes feel well chosen to bring out the full feeling of depth good photography holds. The sterility of Sy's world is made abundantly clear by the well chosen techniques of the director.Fans of Hitchcock will find much rewarding material here, as every prolonged silence shot of the main character (marvelously acted by Robin Williams in another experimental role) reveals the teeming rainbow of angst behind the eyes of the friendly neighborhood photo guy as he spirals out of control. And in the end, we are told (rather abruptly, and the one thing i would have modified about the film) why Sy is obsessed with photographs.There is no over the top butchery like at the end of Taxi Driver, but it lends a dab of wonderment and even sympathy to the curious old man's character.In conclusion, this film is more of a character study than an in your face thriller, but is nevertheless a fantastic feature debut from writer/director Mark Romanek. He has obviously done his homework and shows off his craft with great finesse.
This is an astonishing book. The author, working with a Hmong colleague, collected many moving oral histories. She then wove them together into an astonishing tour-de-force.This book provides a voice to Hmong people, telling their stories in their own words. At the same time, Faderman places the Hmong experience in the larger context of the experience of leaving one's home to come to the United States as an immigrant. Using the particular experiences of her Hmong informants, as well as her own history growing up as the child of an immgrant, she sheds light on the general topic of what it means to be an immigrant in this country.For most US residents, there is immigration somewhere in our histories; this book speaks to how our families were profoundly affected by the dislocation and courage of these immgrants, whether they are ourselves, our parents, or lurking in the more distant past.I can't imagine a better book on this topic.
I bought this set primarily for the 'Jesse James' movie, which is dark, slow paced and cerebral, and features fine acting by Brad Pitt and Casey Affleck. This film may bore you if you are looking for action or plot twists, and you'll know if it's right for you after about the first 15 or so minutes. If you can stick with it, Casey Affleck's smoldering performance is a revelation.I had not seen "Wyatt Earp" before and it proved to be quite a pleasant surprise. It came out a year after "Tombstone" and wasn't as successful I guess, but this film strikes a good balance between being too violent or too fawning/watered down. It pretty much follows the same main storyline as "Tombstone" with the addition of showing events that mold the younger Wyatt into the man he becomes by the time he arrives at Tombstone.Dennis Quaid does a good job with the Doc Holliday role, but Val Kilmer's performance will always be more memorable.The movie clocks in at a bit over three hours, however it never dragged for me.The cinematography in "Wyatt Earp" is beautiful, and the Blu-ray transfer is excellent - there are many dark/shadowy scenes that are rich in detail and have very little or no noise. The frequent daytime panoramas are gorgeous. Warner did a wonderful job here.If you want to add two very different, good westerns to your Blue-ray collection, this combo set is a steal.
When I first saw The Matrix, I was just blown away with the story. I thought it was original and compelling. The action was just fantastic to watch, so I was excited that they were going to make 2 more parts to the movie because the first one doesnt really explain what happens to Neo. The second one, all though not as good as the first, had some really great action in it which made the movie for me and right then I just knew that while they had a really good story to develop, they were in it soley for the money and I knew the third was not going to live up to what could have been. But of course, I went to go see it, along with all the other Matrix fans (who probably also new this was going to suck as well). What a major let down. This movie easily is in the top 10 of the worst movies ever made. While I liked the whole Anderson duplicating thing, everything else was just junk (except for the fights, which are still pretty good even though the special effects went down a notch). And what a disappointing last fight. It was taken straight out of the DragonBall Z cartoons (which I really dislike). Again, what a let down. What could have been a great trilogy because a joke in my eyes. Spare yourself the frustration that comes with watching the death of the orginal Matrix movie.
I would have been pretty upset had I paid for this book instead of borrowing it from the library. As a fan of the Batman tv series and all things Batman and Robin, I had looked forward to reading soe interesting, behind the scenes stories. I had hoped for some dirt and some inside scoop on the creation of the show, the filming of it and what it was like to be Robin. I also assumed there would be some insight into the life of Burt Ward, the man who portrayed a beloved hero on tv.Instead I got very little behind the scenes insight about the show or the actor other than the stories about his sexual prowess and large endowment.Some of that would have been fine, since it wa spart of his life and in complete contrast with the character he played, but it dominated the book. It was almost osessive the way he talked about sex and his body.Overall, the book was poorly structured, seemingly jumping back and forth from one period in his life to another. It was very hard to follow.The first chapter or two starts out with how Burt Ward was cast as Robin, the first few days of shooting the pilot, his meeting and beginning his friendship with Adam West and all the things that went wrong with the shooting of that initial episode. It was a nice look at the things we didn't get to see and a introduction to the man behind the character. Unfortunately, the book quickly veers away from that track and goes into long and rather dull recountings of sex, sex and more sex.Yes, we get it, Robin got lots of women....interesting, but what about the show that made all this possible?The only reason I give this two stars instead of one is that I am being somewhat generous of the fact that Ward does throw in some some behind the scenes info and some aspects of his life outside of the bedroom.
I've been using Norton products since the old 286 days, but the past few releases haven't been pretty. Doesn't matter how much memory I add, my PC, which should run like the hare, crawls along like the tortoise.5 days after installing Norton 360, my computer got infected with the trojan.zonebac virus. Norton says it removed it, but I am still getting porn ads in place of Google Adsense ads. So today I contacted support. Their answer for me was to pay them $90 to have their tech professional remove it. Silly me, I thought Norton was supposed to stop it from infecting my pc in the first place.I should have paid more attention to the reviews here.
This book was totally a waste of my time and money. It was quite boring and not at all funny. The only reason why I bought the book was because some people said it was funny....In reality, it was just about how wasted she was and her party life.
I really enjoyed this book as a young adult. The characters are well done and well written. And the world is very interesting. It is staple fantasy, elves, dwarves, dragons ect but its a very engaging book to read. A great series. This would make an incredible TV series or movie with CGI. Be warned DO not buy the Animated movie, it is horrible!
With talents such as Kate Mulgrew and Rip Torn &quot;A Stranger is Watching&quot; is an intense thriller of kidnapping and ransom. Considered a &quot;slasher-flick&quot; by some critics, it is too benign by today's standards. This is a thriller that will allow its viewers to go to sleep at night, but it will make them wary of vans without windows.
This is a good movie starring the beautiful Thora Birch and Scarlett Johanssen along with an endearing performance by Steve Buscemi. I found the characters to be somewhat dislikable in the opening scenes, but this is meant mostly for character development. You don't even know why the movie is entitled Ghost World until maybe half way through, which is also when the film becomes more cohesive. I enjoyed the movie and give it 4.5 stars overall.
I picked up this practice hand thinking I could use it for all kinds of practice.For instance, I wanted to practice my tattooing skills. This is NOT the hand for that! I busted all my needles trying to put ACAB on the knuckles and not a single letter came out right!I also thought this would be a good product for practicing voodoo: You know, kind of an 'evil floating hand' kind of deal. Wrong again! It wouldn't float, it wasn't even SLIGHTLY evil, and I couldn't get it to respond to any commands! It does look like a leftover prop from a Nine Inch Nails video, I will admit.Speaking of nails, I couldn't very well practice my unstoppable filing technique with this practice hand. I filed the nails down and then they were gone! They do NOT grow back! Caveat Emptor!I practiced hand-holding, and that worked out well. My practice hand and I went to the movies, and I held it the whole time. So I'll give it an extra star for that. Later that evening, though, when I tried to practice onanism, it totally didn't work the way I wanted it to.In summary: The professional practice hand is a worthwhile addition to you limb collection, but doesn't really do what you might think.
This book contains excellent text but desperately needs a better publisher. The maps and reproductions of paintings are in dingy, blurry black and white. They look as if they are 1970's-era photocopies of 1960's-era photocopies. On page 124 there are illustrations of a grenadier and a drummer with the descriptions exactly reversed. In short, this edition of "Decisive Day" is not a book that you will be proud to have on your shelf. Do yourself a favor and borrow a copy from a library -- perhaps earlier editions had quality control worthy of the text.
This is a fine X-Men movie and a worthy prequel to the first two. The acting is top-drawer and the story is exciting and well-told, if more "realistic" than the other X-Men movies -- due to its Cold War setting. I recommend it if you enjoy the first two X-Men films, or other superhero pictures such as "Thor" or "Iron Man".
Quality product, be sure to also check out:"Mother I Cherish You" Heartwarming 8x10 Qoutes/poem, Double-matted in Ruby Red/white and Enhanced with Flower Artwork.
This one of the best novels of the year. No wonder it's #7 on The New York Times bestseller list. Read it now.
Here's another book from four decades ago that doesn't hold up well compared to today's superior children's books. I was yearning for way more action. And definitely more wackiness. There are a few wacky and clever happenstances yet I wanted more of that and less of Harriet sitting around thinking, complaining and writing, thinking, writing and complaining. The first half of the book was okay, but after that I lost interest. Harriet was not interesting enough, for me anyway, to care about what happened to her. The pages got harder and harder to turn as the book went on.This is a work of the early 1960s when many people felt suppressed and angry. That anger, for some, turned into selfishness. This attitude found its way into Harriet. She is a selfish and angry brat. (Whether the author was angry or just commenting on society at the time, I don't know.)I can only guess that the book's comment on society at the time is what won it the acclaim that it has gotten over the years. For children and adults of 1964, perhaps it was a groundbreaking, gutsy read. But today, it's just a story of an angry, self-centered child that is not very interesting nor exciting to read.
Clark Ashton Smith is the greatest pulp writer of all time, and overall the best fantasy writer America has produced, largely because he is the only one who writes genuinely literary prose (and that would include even Raymond Chandler, who writes beautifully but very minimally). His closest competition for the title of best pulp writer is, of course, his two more famous friends from Weird Tales. Certainly Lovecraft's pseudo-occultish yarns can be amusing enough, and the sheer force of R. E. Howard's vision elevates his work to a sort of workingman's Nietzchean greatness. If most pulp writers are soda pop, those guys are beer. But Smith, by contrast, is fine wine. (A different, darker, sweeter wine than the usual at that - blueberry or blackberry, perhaps).Smith, indeed, is too good to be classed with the pulp writers, because he has the depth and richness that only artistry, not commerce, can aspire to. His only competition as America's greatest fantasist, and as a crafter of prose, is Jack Vance, who, after imitating Smith in his first masterwork (The Dying Earth) became primarily a novelist, and so it is something of apples to oranges to compare him to Smith.Of course, all of these men - pulp writers included - are better writers than anyone who has come along in the last sixty years or so, because they were produced by a superior time and place. Common sense perspectives on the world taken for granted then are unpublishable now. Real writing has been replaced by kindergarten prose. The decline of Western civilization is accelerating towards its terminal point and good fiction is now nearly impossible. (Just look, as an example, to the silly complaints in the introduction to this book by some modernist type who evidently thinks himself a writer - whose works and that of his ilk will, I promise, be ground into dust in no time, where Smith is still being read after a century and will long remain so.)Low level readers, who like ittle-bitty words and sentences in the modernist, Hemingway style, and who like being spoon fed in the form of conventional plots and characters, will find little to entertain them in Smith. That's why he is so obscure, so overlooked; his work demands more than modern readers can give. His work is dark phantasmagoria, written in an elevated language and style which demands concentration, imagination and participation from the reader.If you are among those few who still know what a book is for, rejoice - you just discovered a true hidden gem, in one of the last places you might have expected to find it. As I have become reacquainted with his works my appreciation of Smith has only grown greater. It is well known that he is the inspiration of early Jack Vance, just as he was himself inspired by Lord Dunsany, but while my intellect rejects it, my heart knows that Smith, in the ways that count most, surpasses them both. Smith's consciousness roamed where it would, unbound by mortal considerations, and his work as a result has a remote, objective spirituality and a consistency of invention that even the great Irish Baron and science fantasy's premiere novelist cannot quite match. Personally I rank him behind only E. R. Eddison as a fantasy writer and Jorge Borges as a short story writer, but in his subgenre of weird, short, heroic fantasy he is unsurpassed and given the times will likely remain so forever.
Just completed the series and loved it. Fell in love with the characters, of course we all know Jason Behr is a sweet hot guy, love his voice and everything else. Everyone on this show was great. They should pick up where they left off and write a few more seasons.
I'm surprised it's taken so long for a CD to come along dedicated to the recordings of Irving Kaufman. In the 1910s and 1920s, Kaufman was one of the most popular and prolific vocalists on records (along with Billy Murray, Henry Burr, Arthur Fields, and a couple others--at times, I think he sounds a lot like Al Jolson). These recordings demonstrate why. His style sounds incredibly dated today, but if you can get past that, you'll find some real gems of a long gone style of singing. Like Billy Murray, Kaufman has a hint of humor in most of his recordings (just listen to "Are You From Dixie" or "Take Your Girlie To The Movies"). His diction is remarkable--many song lyrics tended to be muffled and difficult to understand on old acoustic recordings, but Kaufman sings so clearly and cleanly that you can easily understand every word.The folks at Archeophone have done this set right. The remastering of the old recordings is quite good, and the booklet is a delight to read. Thanks to the biographical essay, I now have a good idea of the man behind the records and a number of photos to put a face with the voice. Complete discographical information is included as well.These tracks run the gamut from jazz and dance band sides, to "tenor with orchestra" recordings to some late voice and piano recordings. There are some real treasures here, including "Sweet Lady" (in which Eubie Blake furnishes the piano accompaniment), "Mr. Jazz," "Yes Sir, That's My Baby," and Kaufman's first recording, "I Love The Ladies" from 1914. I also discovered I really like the 1946 transcription cut included here ("In The Good Old Summertime") Even in his 50s and beyond, Kaufman had quite a voice.Highly recommended.
I did not agree with everything in this book, but I sure learned a lot from reading it.I read this book because I was starting to read John Hobson's _Eastern_Origins_of_Western_Civilisation_. In Hobson's introduction, he made it clear that his book is largely a response to the view of history represented by the book I am reviewing right now. I stopped reading Hobson's book and read this one first, and I am very glad I did. (For one thing, Landes has written a terrific example of a history book that is actually enjoyable to read, as well as informative.)As a conversation, these two books have a great deal to offer. Neither is completely balanced, but between them, they cover a great deal of ground, both in terms of historical content and in terms of how the two authors understand the same events. Reading these two books together taught me a great deal, both about history, and about the historian's profession.I strongly recommend that if you read one of these two books, you read the other. Be warned that if you agree with one, the other will probably infuriate you, but if you can stay the course, you will be both better informed and a bit wiser at the end of it all.
the better track list should be like this!1 - Lucky Star2 - Borderline3 - Like A Virgin4 - Material Girl5 - Crazy For You6 - Into The Groove7 - Live To Tell8 - Papa Don't Preach9 - True Blue10 - Open Your Heart11 - La Isla Bonita12 - Who's That Girl13 - Like A Prayer14 - Express Yourself15 - Cherish16 - Oh Father17 - Vogue
This phone could be useful if Panasonic had thought first of putting a GOOD battery, not the piece of junk those people installed on it. Won't hold charge for more than 20 minutes of conversation, leave it standby out the charger, and the battery WILL be dead after 3 hours, 4 tops.
The Quiet One collides with the Wall of Sound, and the result is one of the most distinctive, coherent and deeply moving pop albums of the 20th century."What Is Life" alone is worth the price. What a beautiful lyric! What a killer riff! What an awesome production! And that's just ONE of the terrific tracks.I haven't stopped marvelling at this set for thirty-five years, and hope to enjoy it for another thirty-five.
His book is targeted towards people who know C++ who want to know where they go from where they currently are to be able to make games (college students, for example). Essentially, this book supplements your C++ abilities as well as adding to the 'game' part of your 'game programmer' education. It covers specific concepts ranging from the various game components that programmers will need to understand such as 2D/3D graphics, Interface/Input Code, the main loop, resource management, and DirectX/Win32 programming. There is a lot of specific technical information in the book, but it also covers some broad concepts such as scheduling, testing, and an introduction to some advanced programming concepts such as smart pointers and scripting languages. The basis of the book is from an angle of professional experience as opposed to the mere hobby game developer. I would recommend this book to any programmer who wants to supplement their education towards game development as a serious career.
But it's a two star movie for me. Hollywood serves up a big old helping of stupidity for it's audience. Don't you people feel insulted when moviemakers assume you are so stupid that they can write a plot like this movie has? If you keep paying to watch movies that pander to the lowest common denominator like this movie does, they will continue to make such pabulum.How can you people give this movie 5 stars? That is the problem with Amazons rating system, people give anything they like a 5 star rating. This movie is not a 5 star movie.
What irritates me about this book is the idea that an employee's attitude is the problem. The premise seems to be: Hate your job? It's your attitude!There is no allowance made for the fact that perhaps there is a REASON that people might hate their job.Perhaps they are made to follow rules that don't make sense. Perhaps they see what they need to accomplish, but lack the training or resources to get it done. Perhaps the office environment is old, crumbling, the bathrooms don't work, and the printer keeps jamming.In other words, if employees are unhappy, then you need to find out WHY they are unhappy and FIX it.Don't just tell them to change their attitude. Sure that might be the case with a few hardcore cynical people. But most of us WANT to do a good job. We only get cynical when we are prevented from doing so.So look for tangible obstacles to your employees work, and remove them.The attitude will take care of itself.And, for the love of god and all that's holy, don't give them this stupid book.
I had this for 6 month and was pretty pleased with it. Then the hinge broke making this into an expensive regular open-top trash can. Replacing the top assembly is an expensive option to repair this. I will just pick up a 'normal' foot operated trash can next time.
I have to say, this radio works flawless in my shower. I've had it for a little over 3 months and I listen to it daily for about 15 minutes at a time and I still have yet to change the batteries on it (2 AA I believe). Prior to this shower radio I had a Brookstone am/fm shower radio which took 4 C batteries and I would have to change them about once a month. I get great reception of my FM stations and I even get some TV audio through it, to listen to the Football games. It's very small and sits nicely on my pedastel and comes with a suction cup antenna. All in all, I strongly recommend this shower radio over any other on the market. No problems, no complaints....
Wow - I looked at the other reviews and thought that I've got to check out New Found Glory. I did and I'm not impressed. It's pop pablum. There's nothing edgy, nothing new, and very little good about New Found Glory. Get a bunch of guys together who can't sing, can't write music, and play cords really fast to mediocre pop melodies.
This was one of the best shows of 1999, easily the best science fiction, excluding Star Wars. We are never really told why Neo is the chosen one. The special effects are great and the story is really riveting. The story is somewhat grim, but that is a touch that adds to its charm. Some really original ideas. Definitely a show worth seing.
This carrier is strong, looks great, and is much sturdier than it's competitors. Plus it is sleek and doesn't look like I've strapped a big black box to my roof! I've owned my System 60 for 4 years. The finish is first class! No chipping, fading, or any other defects. The gas filled lid dampers work really well. Opening and closing the carrier is easy. The latches and key hardware truly is Marine-grade. No rust or even discoloration and mine has been in every weather imaginable. The competitor rood-top carriers are flimsy and are bouncy going down the rode. This carrier is sturdy and does not bounce while driving. It can be bought directly from the factory for significantly less than what this seller is asking.
I had high hopes for this skimmer. The frame of this skimmer appeared to be made heavier than others I've used, but it didn't hold up. The mesh netting is shallow and lightweight and is not constructed any differently than other skimmers. Bottom line is the frame cracked after using it for an hour or so of pulling leaves out of my pool. Not recommended.
This book is a classic, the 1955 Newbery winner. From its cover, it looks like a sweet, sedate, old-fashioned tale of rural life. That's not the look to reel in crowds today.So let's get this straight: Yes, there's sweetness to the story. In fact, it's deeply touching with themes of intergenerational friendship and triumph over physical limitations. But sedate? Not hardly. This here's a rip-roaring adventure tale! I read it aloud to my kids and they were beside themselves with excitement over the life-and-death escapades.The plot summary is too simple to do the book credit. A group of schoolchildren want to lure storks to their treeless Dutch seaside village. To do that, they plan to put a wagon wheel on the school roof for the birds to nest on. So they have to find a wheel...which is much, much easier said than done. What follows is a laughing, crying, gulping, cheering aloud sort of book. Those are rare birds in themselves. (Makes a terrific read-aloud, too!)
Tony Carey has been around for a long time.I am a huge Rainbow fan and even in the early seventies Carey made his presense felt.This album released in 1983 was a huge hit for MTV.I can still recall the asternaunt lifting up then exploding.That was great!!! Tony plays all instruments exept drums and sings lead exept one track,by David Thomas.Static,King for a day,Armageddon{is chilling} and of course Why Me? This is truely a great album!
I hope the publishers are reading this. The Simpson's is and will always be one of the greates shows EVER created. This DVD series has a terrible flaw....it does not have a Spanish Laguage track. That is a mjor omission since there are millions of viewers who love the show in spanish better than the one in English. Really....the translation to Spanish is so incredibly funny that, to us Spanish speakers, it is even better than the original English version. I hope in future releases they take into account this.
Mary J. Blige started good, and is still good. You can see her coming out, on this video. Don't fool yourself, just head out n' get it. A+++.
People might think it is a rehash or a reissue of the two compilations "#1's" and "Second to None." Technically they are, but to quote the Orlando Magic's management, BMG has "righted a wrong." Here are the wrongs that have been righted on this release:Hound Dog has been fixed (no pop!!!)Original Master Takes are used instead of Outtakes for these songs: A Fool Such As I, A Big Hunk O'Love, Suspicious Minds, The Wonder of YouReturn to Sender has been remasteredThe third disc is OK, the last track shouldn't even be there, but oh well, it is included. The UK version has a better song selection on the third disc, but they don't have the corrections on the first two discs.
I thought this might be a decent comedy, being that, Bill Murray was in it. I didn't watch it all the way through, that bad. Murray was not funny, just very annoying. I kept hoping Richard Dreyfuss, who lived near a lake, would kill Murray and dump him in the lake. That would have a least made the movie worth watching.
Being a lover of first Captain Kirk and then Jean Luc Picard and not caring that much for the others I was hesitant on buying this. Also it has been said several times in reviews that this only presents one repeat, no, it presents two (City of the Edge of Forever) and Darmok is here on Captain Log but it also on the Jean Luc Picard Fan Collection (which I also own). All in all the Captains series i sworth an addition to your collection.
This book is a great learning tool for beginners and intermediate learners of Spanish. It's also a great reference book for learners of all levels. For those who find it a headache to grasp Spanish basic grammar, this is the book for you. It's easy to read and easy to understand, with practices after each lesson. I just wished that this book has a part II for the advanced!
Most of Thomas' best works involve cold war themes and settings. However, in 'Raven' Thomas breaks the mold that worked so well for him for over a decade and came up with a believable and terrifying scenario in which the American CIA and elements w/in it are in league with the enemy.This book grabbed me early on as Patrick Hyde, who begins the book on the edge, witnesses the shooting down of an airliner in the remote regions of eastern Russia. He soon realizes that it was the plane of the Russian President's wife, who had been on a mission to gain support from Afghanistan to bring peace to that region. Hyde's group is wiped out and framed for the crime by the enemy and he quickly realizes that the leader of this group isn't who you would normally think. Working against Hyde is that the British had thought him dead, now they want to sweep the incident under the rug, so not only is he on the run from the CIA, but also British agents as well. Always just 1 step ahead of his pursuers, it quickly becomes obvious that Hyde's mission to get to the bottom of the story will be much harder than he originally thought.Eventually he teams up w/ Kenneth Aubrey's niece, who has run into the American side of this plot, when her boyfriend, who had been investigating a plane crash in California stumbles on to something and ends up on the run himself. Throughout many locations in California, Hyde and Kathryn Aubrey remain on the run avoiding the CIA and local law enforcement, all who think they are doing the right thing by capturing them. Whether it be in rundown jazz clubs, upscale London clubs, gutter neighborhoods of Sausallito or final confrontation on the shores of Lake Shasta, Craig Thomas does a magnifacent job of painting a vivid description of the surroundings and weaves together a complex plot pretty well.I didn't give this book 5 stars b/c the Russian end of the story doesn't fit well. I don't know if the book was written w/ the intent of having a sequel, but as a stand alone book, Thomas did a poor job of tying in the smuggling story. Also, I felt the story really slowed down for about 50-75 pgs. about 2/3 of the way through when the conspiracy was being unraveled. I thought overall it was kind of hard to keep track of everything at 1 point. However, the way the book pulls you in early, and the amazing climax as the book winds down, this book definetely gets a solid rating from me and a recommendation to anyone looking for action/adventure or a spy thriller.
I am the kind of person who will splurge on cosmetics and beauty products and feel it's worth it so I don't necessarily look for the bargain buy in this area but the best working product.Fortunately, this curling iron is not only priced well for the value, it beats out the "old school" curling irons I've used for the last 30 years.I actually bought mine at Walgreens for a higher price after reading about it in a magazine.Unlike any other iron I've used this one actually heats up in...wait for it....wait for it....30 SECONDS!!!You can also choose your heat level from 1-15 but be leary of that 15---that is a scorcher.However, some may be looking for that high of a heat. I keep it around the medium to medium high numbers and it curls in an instant. And I have uber thick hair.Touch ups are instant rather than waiting for the iron to heat up. If I am going out and find I've missed a spot I can basically now instantly reheat the iron and have it hot 30 seconds after I turn it on.Negative: I'm probaby odd in that I always hold my curling iron real close to the barrel. Because of this a few times I've accidentally turned the heat level without trying. Not a big deal, but something I'd change if I could to make the wheel maybe a little harder to turn.Conclusion: tops in my book. I won't go back to the curling irons of the past where I have to wait for them to heat. Instant gratification, baby! :-)
This is really a feast for Handelians, beautifully played and sung. The earlier recording of this oratorio, made by Gardiner in the 80-ties, is not only incomplete but also less impressively executed. It is wonderful to have both sets, but this new one from Robert King brings much more life to this splendid music. It is one of my desert island discs!
The third album featuring a line-up of PIG musicians and Lucia for the female vocals (along with good old reliable Sascha K.) is probably the best album they have made together. A few songs are "good" and the rest are great. Thats the best you review you can give the album. Its not the best KMFDM album in my opinion but it comes very close. The songs vary in style and are somewhat of a throwback to earlier KMFDM albums along with a mix of the newer WWIII type crunching sounds. If you like old KMFDM and or new KMFDM, you will like this. It just about pleases everyone.
The greatest book in human history, no ifs ands or buts. Heller was truly touched by the hand of God when he wrote this
Easily Pesci's best work since Raging Bull, he gives an over the top performance both in and out of the courtroom. Best scene is when he first meets with his clients in their jail cell, some great double entendre. Austin Pendleton steals the movie as the tongue-tied public defender.
Another book fawning all over Toyota and the Japanese as being the absolute masters of production. No one but them can possibly produce anything properly. Oh, wait, did this book mention that it was AMERICANS who showed the Japanese modern production methods immediately after WWII? By golly, they left out that little detail.. you probably don't hear that too much, but look it up if you don't believe me. For all of the 1950's and most of the 1960's, "Made in Japan" was not a good thing to see on a product. Only in the past 30 years have they gotten good. I won't deny that American companies have gotten sloppy, and they need a cold hard slap to wake them up. But, I think that some of these books go a little overboard heaping praise on Japanese methods.
A princess in a castle, trolls and fairies, and a beautiful crystal cave in the woods make a delightful setting for this story of a young man who has very little experience of the world, but who wants to set out from home to follow his dreams. Christian doesn't know who his parents are. He only knows the forest and Ed, the troll who adopted and raised him. But when he spies on a distant castle through his telescope, he suddenly wants to travel -- and meet the lonely princess he saw.A lovely fairy tale filled with warmth, comedy, and heart, for middle-grade girls who love princess stories. Ages 8-12.
The Negotiator is a fine book. It is pretty good in the whodunit category. It also contains elements of romance, but it's not dripping with it. I don't read much fiction, but I really enjoyed this book. My wife and I read it concurrently. It was very nice to be able to sit down together and discuss the story. We both enjoyed sharing quality time, even if it was just to discuss characters in a work of fiction.The story starts out in a very engrossing situation. The pace doesn't slow for quite some time. However, it does slow toward the end. In fact, my wife and I both thought the ending was anti-climactic.Dee Henderson tackles some pretty deep theological issues in this book. I think she handles them well, but doesn't delve too deeply into the mysteries. Personally, I'd love to have seen her flesh them out more, but this is a work of fiction, not a work of theology. She handled them well within her storyline.The O'Malley Family is a great set-up. And, I suspect the rest of the books in the series will be pretty good too. I'm hoping to find time to read the rest of them. Kate O'Malley, the negotiator, is an interesting character. I did find her penchant for eating junk food to be a bit overdone - I would have a hard time believing that the picture on the book's cover would be fitting for someone with those eating habits. Other than that, the character development is very good for Kate.Dave, on the other hand, is a bit less believable. He speaks with a British accent, so we assume he is British. However, the book never tells us how or why a Brit is working for the FBI. Also, he's extremely wealthy (old money). This provides for a couple of sections in the "romantic" development of the book that do little to progress the storyline. They seemed extravagant to me. Perhaps that comes from my realist personality.The story is very readable. I did finally have to go to the dictionary to look up the word "roil." Perhaps my vocabulary is too limited, but her heavy usage of this particular word struck me as odd. I would have thought the editor might have caught the heavy usage and suggested something else.The one thing that struck me, and will stay with me when I read other works of fiction, is the way Henderson developed and showed the sense of joy of being with friends and family. I cannot remember ever reading a story that made me feel the joy and happiness of the characters. In fact, for me, the joy and happiness in the story were far more real that the worry and fear. I wish more people focused on bring out joy in life, even in difficult times, when they write. I wouldn't really classify this as a "feel good" book, but it will provide many occasions that bring this feeling to you.In the end, I really liked the book. I think that most readers, Christian or not, will enjoy reading it.
I must say that I disagree with the last review.Wishsong is better than Elfstones.In Elfstones,the "bad guyes"were easy as pie .In Wishsong,Brooks resumes the theme of winning by a thread ,translation:the evil peoples are hard.Brin is one of my favorite characters in the whole series so far ,next to Risca ,Foraker,Hendel,Tay ,Raybur and a good deal of other people.It's just so easy to understand her feelings and her thoughts.Anyway ,here is the plot :Brin and Jair Ohmsford ,like most Ohmsfords live in Shady Vale and they bare the power of the wishsong:Wish for it ,sing for it ,and it's your's.Their pleasant lives are disturbed when Allanon the Druid comes to them in need of Brin's wishsong ,for the evil Ildatch book has unleashed the Mord Wraiths upon the Four Lands.Brin must travel with Allanon to the Maelmord,where the Ildatch is kept ,and destroy it with the wishsong .Jair however is making a quest towards Heaven's Well to heal the land that the Wraiths have poisoned.
I've had this book for a couple of months. I wanted to make use of it for a while before I wrote my review. A couple of things about me just as disclosures: Firstly, I do NOT speak Russian, but I do know a few phrases. I spent quite some time working in Moscow, my wife is Russian, and she and my children often speak Russian around our house (but usually English). Secondly, I don't learn languages easily.Below is a list of what I think are the main things you need to know if you are considering this book for purchase:Russian is, let's face it, a difficult language. This book is about as good as I've come across for breaking it down into simple steps and for organizing the basics in a logical fashion. The structure allows you to jump around to the sections that are of interest to you, so you don't necessarily have to follow the chapters in sequence.The book will NOT make you fluent in Russian, and it states within the text that this is not its intent. It will give you the basics, allowing you a good platform to build off of.It includes a CD, which lets you listen to conversations of native speakers.It has five main sections: 1) Getting Started, which gives you the very basics, including the alphabet, 2) Russian in Action, which gears you for social situations, like shopping, making phone calls, and asking for directions, 3) Russian on the Go, devoted to traveling, 4) The Part of Tens, which is particularly useful, because it includes lists of ten fun things to know, such as ten things to never say in Russian, ten ways to learn the language quickly, etc., and 5) Appendixes, which provide mini-dictionaries and conjugation of verbs.In a nutshell, if you are new to the Russian language and if you are will to put some effort into learning it, this book is about the best I've come across to get the basics down. I've learned quite a few phrases during my lunch break at work and have gone home and surprised my family with them! The authors keep the approach loose and fun; while at the same time maintain a productive experience for the reader.If, on the other hand, you want something a bit more detailed and serious, you might try this one:The New Penguin Russian Course: A Complete Course for Beginners (Penguin Handbooks). I found it to be also be an excellent book for learning Russian, but a bit more daunting. It would probably be a better choice for someone who wants to really knuckle down and learn more detail of the language (that's not me, by the way). However, having said that, I think that the "For Dummies" book is better for the self-taught learner. Most other books, in my opinion, including the Penguin Russian Course I linked above, really need an instructor or a group to learn with. The "For Dummies" approach is much more casual and takes more of a self-paced approach.I hope this review helped and good luck learning Russian!
After upgrading my desktop computer, I discovered I had a cooling problem. I choose this fan due to its size and low noise ratio. A quick cut in the case allowed for placement of the fan and it connected to the current plugs. The fan was very quiet and I really don't even hear it run. The increase in cooling was a great advantage as this fan is larger than the installed case fans. It has solved my cooling problems and then some. I would highly recommend this fan.
I've been reading all the Fleming James Bond novels in order, and so far this one is my favorite. It stands out for a couple reasons:1) Bond never goes to outer space.2) I won't spoil it for you, but something about the epilogue is unexpected, and sets the James Bond character of the books apart from the James Bond character of the movies. I was completely surprised, and it really rounded out the character and made him more human.The adventure itself is fun. Tropical locale with a beautiful female companion--it's hard to get tired of stuff like that. But what I do get tired of is Bond being sent to beat some villain at gambling. He just did that in "Casino Royale," and it didn't sound like government work to me then, either.Still, the rest of the plot is fun, and Bond's victory at the end is not without cost. Rather than portraying him as the super-spy of the movies who dashes around unscathed no matter what's going on around him, he gets pretty messed up. (And no, that's not the epilogue surprise I was talking about earlier.)
Oldboy is not my kind of movie. I watched it twice, Maybe other viewers would enjoy it. There's a movie for everyone.
The trouble with histories of science is that they are almost never contemporary and that historians of science know little of either. This is an enduring history of scientific events, a detailed tragedy of behavior, and a chronicle of John Crewdson's tenacity in learning the subtlities of molecular virology, the NIH bureaucracy, and the complexities of a person he had barely talked to. To those of us who were there as the events played out there are lessons about science, why we do it, and what it's really worth. But understand, I like and admire Bob Gallo. Now I feel I know him better.
Halloween 2 was as good as the first one. This sequel has the blood, gore, and great deaths as the other one. Even though the other Halloween movies were bad this one is a must see. There is only one aspect that I don't understand at the end of this one Dr. Loomis blows himself up in the room with Michael Myers yet he is still alive in the next three sequels. That is the only bad aspect of this movie, but otherwise it's great.
This is a FANTASTIC ALBUM!! Great album with some sleeper tracks, import version has more tracks on it & worth getting if you can find. Well worth the price. You can't go wrong with any of the tracks. Denis & Denyse Le page have gone under many many names for the group LIME. LIME, Le Page, Kat Mandu, Voggue (Denyse Le Page & Her Friend), Erotic Drum Band, Direct Input, Step By Step (Denis & Denyse Le page), Denis & Denyse Le page, Mother F, NINI No Bless, No Bless, Denis Le Page, Peter Batah, & Many Many More! I should know i have the biggest LIME collection in the world. LIME has always been a feel good band with many club circuit hits & as a DJ i have seen many a dance floor packed with LIME's disco beats. If you are a true LIME fan then you must check out the band No Bless (2 albums). It is Denis Lepage (LIME) solo & also check our NINI No Bless,.... are you ready for this? NINI NO Bless is Denis Lepage (LIME), YES that's Denis Le Page with the wig, fish nets, 6" heels & makeup to boot, full blown DRAG. The music is quite unique & features Denis' deep rough voice, A SUDDEN RISE is a FANTASTIC track on this album. There are a few other good tracks on A SUDDEN RISE CD as well. You can buy the MP3 tracks right here on Amazon. The audio clips Amazon gives are not enough to get into the songs though. Join NINI No Bless on My Space & check out the video of NINI No Bless (Denis Le Page) on You Tube, you won't beleive your eyes. LIME will always be one of my favorite dance groups of all time & i hope Denis & Denyse will keep us supplied with their unique vocals & sounds. Schroeder (DJ WACK "O") of Orbital Traxx Records, Wack "O" Publishing & Cult Movies Magazine.
It's really hard for me to say that this album is really....just bad. I admire Ripper Owens for getting as far as becoming the vocalist for Judas Priest, it's really rare for a fan and cover band vocalist to actually sing with the band you look up to. I really loved Jugulator. Almost every song on that album was great. But this album disappointed me, they got very mellow and they lack the catchy hooks that was on Jugulator and on their previous albums with Halford. There was a few songs that really stood out on this album, which is the reason why I give it two stars....Machine Man - This is a metal masterpiece! Great drumming, great vocals, great guitar riffs. One of their best songs with Ripper Owens. The main reason why I give this album two stars.Jekyll and Hyde - A dark, heavy song. A great chorus and spectacular vocals from Ripper Owens.Feed On Me - The single of the album. One of the standout tracks from Demolition. A good song with a solid chorus, but misses the great hooks that Priest is known for. I had to listen to it a few times before I started liking it.Metal Messiah - The name says it all. An outstanding, fast song with amazing lyrics and vocals. Although it could have been better if they didn't add those last 20-30 seconds of the song. If you listen to it you'll know what I mean. Overall, a heavy, fast song that truly defines Judas Priest as the Metal Gods.I give this album two stars for these songs but the others tracks are not even worth mentioning. Unless you're a hardcore Judas Priest fan (like me), go ahead and buy it and listen to the rest of the songs, you might like a few others. But if you can, download these four songs, they're the best tracks on this album.
Another wack group to pop out of ATLDFB are just as wack as D4L.Plus this isnt crunk rap people. Its Snap rap, D4L are the same thing. They take really boring wack beats and spit wack rhymes over them. It takes no skill whatsoever.Listen to some real
It's a very good anime to me. My dad got it for me on my birthday and as soon as I put it on I fell in love with it. The story to me is very good, the animation is good, the main people are good and the English dub is pretty good to. The one thing that I don't really like about it is how high Thor and his brother's voices are in English dub. To me they are just way to high to be 11 year old boys. Everything other then that is very good and I recommend this anime to anyone.
I bought this product just for the perfume as I've been wearing it since it came out five or some odd years ago. $30 is a great price for the Betsey Johnson perfume but to my surprise, this package came with a greatly scented lotion. The lotion made my skin feel very silky and the smell was a lot milder than the perfume. My husband is not a fan of this perfume because it is too strong during the initial spray, but after a few minutes on my person, it does even out. As for the perfume itself, it has a citrus smell nicely combined with something woodsy and somewhat musky. I usually don't appreciate the musk, but combined with the citrus, it does create a pleasant odor.
First of all, her voice is utterly amazing. I will admit I was not fond of some of the songs at first, but the best music is the music that grows on you. Believe me, these songs will grow on you. The &quot;Stars and the Moon&quot; alone is enough reason to own this cd. I cannot stop listening to that song.
Losing a child is one of the hardest trials any family could go through. I read this book because, I too, have buried two children. However, I did not have to go through the agnozing of fighting for my child's life.At six weeks of age, Helen had that gut nagging feeling that something was wrong with her baby to the point of making her sick which she called "ET" - extra terrified. At eight week of age little Jeffrey was diagnosed with Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA). He had the most severe type called Werdnig-Hoffmann or Type I. SMA is the number one gentic killer for children under the age of two.This book is Jeffrey's journey and their family's journey. Helen is blunt with what she goes through. She shares the notes she kept and the fight to keep her son alive. She questions her assignment from God. She fights to learn about the disease, and does not always just go along with protocol.There is hope. Little Jeffrey's life has not gone in vain as this mom shares his story - their story. His life was worth fighting for. At the end Helen writes a letter to our Heavenly Father . . . here is a glimpse of why Jeffrey and ALL babies are worth fighting for:"Because of Your generosity in allowing us to care for Jeffrey, we learned not only about him and his special needs, but more about You, ourselves and others. We have been reminded just how unique each and every one of us is and how blessed we all are to be part of Your plan. We also more fully appreciate Your own sacrifice to us so long ago. And so we rejoice with You and thank You for sharing Jeffrey with us and for being with us every step of this incredible journey."If you or someone you know is or has fought a battle for a child, this is a must read book.
I watched FIGHT FOR YOUR LIFE some years ago on a n-th generation videotape and despite the atrocious picture quality it made an enormous impression on me. Luckily there is now this definite UNCUT edition of this 1977 grindhouse classic available on a great looking DVD from Blue Underground, so I did not hestitate to upgrade.A word of caution: FIGHT FOR YOUR LIFE is not for easily offended viewers.The plot has three vicious scumbag criminals - a racist hate-filled white sadist, an Asian American and a Latino - escape, when the prison truck transporting them is involved in a traffic accident. They shoot a prison guard, hijack a pimp's car and flee to the countryside. Needless to say that they commit some violent crimes along the way, until finally they take an African American family hostage. A nightmare of sadism, racist degradation, humilation and rape for the black family begins, and two white friends of the family (a young woman and a boy) visiting are brutally murdered by one of the home invaders. Finally police, led by a tough cop nicknamed "Rulebook" REILLY, siege the family's home. I don't want to give the end away, but the promotional tagline "They took it until they couldn't take any more!" already indicates that it's comeuppance time for the baddies...Wow! What a sick and sleazy grindhouse movie! It is genuinely shocking, in no small part due to the powerhouse performance delivered by William SANDERSON as ultra-violent racist. He is extremely convincing in his role, calling his victims every name in the book and constantly shouting racist insults and comments (which I am not allowed to quote here). If there was an Academy Award for most abundant use of foul language in a movie, FIGHT FOR YOUR LIFE would undoubtedly win it.Needless to say it is very violent, particularly in the scene, where the small boy is beaten to death with a stone.Watch at your own risk!Some words on the DVD: print quality is great, and there are some nice extra features. There are three trailers (one aimed at a white audience highlighting the crime aspect, another aimed at black audiences with emphasis on the Afro-American family's revenge and a so-called teaser trailer, which strangely consists of a single still). Forget the teaser trailer. The other two are very good, but both give away too much. The trailers are basically a 3 minute version of the movie, so you better don't watch them before the main feature. There are also TV-spots, an audiocommentary (on which I can not comment, since I did not listen to it) and a very nice still gallery, consisting of poster artwork, a newspaper ad, videotape covers and lobby cards of mostly German origin, where FIGHT FOR YOUR LIFE played theatres under the title of AUSBRUCH ZUR H&Ouml;LLE (= escape to hell).A hugely recommended DVD!
I rented it but will eventually purchase this video. I really like the different take on a very popular fairy tale.
RX Bandits are easily one of the most talented bands in music today. The band is absolutely excellent. The way they blend all their insturments together is truly amazing. Featuring a top notch horn section, an amazing bass player, and some of the most original and catchy rythms you'll hear, this cd is some of the best ska you will be able to find anywhere.My favorite on the cd is &quot;Now or Never&quot;, this song is outstanding and really shows what each section of the band can do. The basswork on it absolutetly blows my mind. Other standouts are the guitar driven opener, &quot;What If&quot;, the incredibly catchy &quot;Ten Seconds Never Seemed So Long&quot; and the powerfully lyrical &quot;Gun In Your Hand&quot;. There is not one bad track on the cd, it really shows they worked hard on it.This cd is well worth it. RX Bandits is easily one of the most talented, hard working bands out there today, and are well worth a check out from everyone. I can't wait to see them live with NFG
if this music doesn't move your feet, sway your hips...You better see a Doc!music like this moves SM into the genre or Classic artists ( I NEVER thought I'd say that!)So much more staying power than HA&TJB;, his contemporaries.this one is 'purely worth it'!
I loved this book! I couldn't put it down - I didn't want it to end because I wanted to see what Millie was up to. The ending is a little abrupt, but still a great easy read. Very entertaining!
The Notebook is a great movie for the type of movie it is supposed to be. A young couple falls in love and the rest is pretty predictable. It has a type of Romeo and Juliet theme where the girl is from a wealthy family that looks down on the poor while the innocent boy works hard to get by. The girl's parents do not want them to see each other and eventually separate them.This movie is definitely a tear jerker. At times your eyes fill with tears because the onscreen love is strongly felt, they are incredible young actors. You may notice the actress is the same from the teenage movie "Mean Girls" (the snotty rich blonde), but she does an amazing job switching from teen drama queen to play in an adult love affair.I recommend this movie to those who enjoy a good love story, but not to those that complain of movies being too cliche. The film lacks the fifth star because of the dialouge which at times is random and unclear.
Since this is the place to review the dvd I thought I would let people know this is a homemade dvd-r and should be noted that way, haven't watched yet, can't imagine what the quality is like they didn't even use the full space on the dvd-r!Update: Did some research and it seems this is the way VCI and other companies are going now, thanks alot Warner Archives!:( So I'd suggest buying up all the dvds that you want before other studios decide to do this with their lesser known , or even well known titles, if they can have people accept a dvd-r over a legit pressed dvd, what's to stop them ?
Good-looking classic off-white shade, nicely made. Good size, shape is nice. The framework doesn't show through the fabric when it's on which is a definite plus. The pleats are not perfect, which is fine, as I'm not a perfectionist. I was so glad to finally get rid of those cheapie paper shades that came with my Home Depot lamps and go for an upgrade -the old ones were falling apart at the seams and looked awful. At $17/each I thought these were more than worth it. Seller packed the shades very well, heavy box with lots of padding. Just be careful when you're cutting the cellophane off, make it a Zen exercise and remove carefully. One time I was cutting too fast and I cut right into the lampshade!
I have couple APC made BR1500 UPS. I even purchased addational battery packs to have them last longer time during power failure. We recently had some power failures, however, every time the BR1500 just had a long beep and cut off the AC output. BR1500 overload light kept on. I suspected the one we have gone bad, so I brought another new one from Amazon, that one doing the eaxct the same: If I had the phone system and the name server in it, it would say overload, during unplug the AC input test.After reading so many good reviews of this UPS. I decided to give this one a try. What a difference! This UPS reported both phone system and name server combined power is 135W. I tried plug into AC and unplug from AC many times, it works flawlessly. Its LCD display also reported to me with internal battery, it will be able to run both phone system and name server for 45 minutes. I am really happy about this UPS.I think it is a shame APC UPS rated 1500AV can not handle 135W load. I also think anyone serious about their UPS system should give this brand a look and test. The only drawback of this unit is that it does not support external battery packs to extend the battery run time.
I have used this once on my hair. It appears to make a difference. It smells real good and makes your hair feel good.
"It's Uncanny"(#80) & "Why Do Lovers(Break Each Other's Heart?)"(#73) weren't huge hits, but how did the live Apollo medley(#20) not make the cut? Oh well, the songs that are here are great & they sound fantastic. The one disc collections don't really do H&O justice, so this is the way to go.
If you went to Berklee or something, this DVD might be for you. For an ordinary Blues, Rock, player like myself, this DVD isn't that terrific. I wonder if Eric Clapton could make any sense if this DVD? I would try Desi Serna, or Will Landrum DVDs instead to learn modes.
This is the best book I've read on producing adult content for the Internet. It is a quick read and does not delve too deeply into the details - which I think is a strong point for this book. For example, the author explains the pros and cons of strobes vs hard lighting. But, if you don't know how to meter your strobes and set your white balance, then the advice falls on deaf ears. It is assumed that you already know how to use a camera and take a good photograph (of people). If not, learn to take pictures before you hire models.The advice presented is from a woman's point of view, but someone with a wealth of experience. There are some key items in this book which took me years to learn the "hard way." The author has certainly been around, seen all high and low points to Internet modeling, and explains in rich detail what to watch out for. Then again, just because you buy a cookbook doesn't mean you are qualified to open your own restaurant. This is a cookbook for success.
TV series might way overraect to a real JAG, but one thing JAG layyer are pretty good looking some fo time, and some female Jag is is actually better look than the hsow ;P
If you're a girl who enjoys her toys, Tantus has high quality stuff. This particular one just didn't do the trick. The vibration wasn't very powerful, but I don't care for vibrating things anyhow. The product itself was a very nice change from the previous vibrator I have had (hard plastic). However the Echo was also pretty hard. I found it uncomfortable to insert unless I was either relaxed or pushing out. And as you know, when you work yourself up, you tighten around it. So pulling it in and out wasn't as comfortable as I thought. Now it sits with my other gadgets which are accumulating. It can't work miracles. It can only offer to be what it is. A toy.I guess I just don't like toys, devices, and anything other than the real thing. But for what it is worth, Tantus made a real nice product that I'd expect would work wonders for other girls. Just not me.
Steve Hamaker really does justice to Jeff Smith's line work. I picked up the first volume with hesitation, expecting the color to diminish the impact of the original artwork, but I was happy to see that it actually brought it to life more in certain panels. Since this epic story has been pegged as the definitive &#34;children's comic book&#34; that every kid should read, I would think the kids might be more likely to appreciate the colored version than the black and white original prints. Kids just like colorful things. However, for adult fans of the original Bone, this is also a wonderful way to revisit this amazing epic story again. I'm rereading these books for the third time now, and it's refreshing to see them in a new coloful light.
I am concerned about using aluminum cooking products but you don't have to be concerned with this Lodge Cast Iron Griddle. This grill and griddle cooks up health cooking that taste "The Best". I've been using my grandmothers and mothers cast iron now for many years. I am concerned about how come aluminum is showing up in our brains and causing cancers, parkinson's, and alzheimer's. I've recycled the capahlon and other cooking products made from aluminum. I'm using stainless steel and cast iron in my kitchen.
The SF premise -- which you'll get to eventually if you stick with it -- is neat. But most of the actual text is dull. The main character is unlikable -- she's an academic who's irresponsible, immature, drives recklessly, parks illegally and throws out the tickets, etc. At first I thought there'd be some good reason for these unrespectable traits, but there never is; at the end, when she marries the other protagonist (a somewhat more likeable fellow), I felt sorry for him.The antagonist, on the other hand, is so overdone as to be unbelievable. And I almost liked him better than the protagonist anyway.I think Benford has good potential, and I love the physics, but this book was not enjoyable.
Because we enjoyed the first Alien vs. Predator, we were really anxious for the sequel. What an utter disappointment! Much like Saw II was to Saw I ... it was a cheap, low budget, campy version of the first. Seemingly thrown together in a hurry with hopes of cashing in on the popularity of the first one. Complete with your gratuitous T & A, dumb frat kids (easy victims, I suppose), and weak character development that didn't even seem necessary or connected to the basic storyline except as 'filler' to occupy the majority of the time in between a the few monster scenes which were so dark they could barely be seen. No special effects, nothing imaginative or creative, and certainly not anything that could be considered suspenseful or scary.
The current crop of British sf writers have restored my faith in SciFi. Hamilton, Asher, Morgan, Banks, et all produce superior stories, tech, and characters. The American debut of Gridlinked doesn't disappoint as Asher really delivers the goods with this story of revenge, xenoc explorations, a hi-tech universe and enough action to really get your heart pumping. What a refreshing change after so much of the mindless drivel that passes for Science Fiction these days, especially the Star Wars series, Star Trek , Honor Harrington and all the rest that passes itself off as scifi. Am I just ranting or do other's feel this way?
I wish I could give you a 1st hand account of this book beingput to use,sadly I do not own a sweing machene at the moment.With that said from the looks of it I dont doubt any of the positive reviews already about this book
It drew me in at the beginning and the killing in the middle, but near the end was stupidly confusing. Normally whatever you see on the cover on the title is what you would be expecting to see. Instead of some "cybernetic-type monster", you got something else, I'm not going to ruin the surprise.
I really enjoyed this artist.I took a Gamble because I was unfamiliar with his music,but I was not dissapointed.I love Gospel music and this cd delivers.I even got one as a gift for my brother.Worth every penny!
Well, these are not the bargain I'd hoped. In this price range, this is what you get:Okay, but nothing special sound;Fairly cheap plastic and construction, which means the fibers are less sturdy;and usually no button on the spool to rewind the cord, which means you're pulling on poor-quality plastic repeatedly.Still, if you want to leave your good headphones at home, I suppose these are okay. It's not like you'll miss them.
I bought and read this book as well as " See I told You So" when they were first out. Rush's writing style was great...but, there was an undertone of woman bashing. I don't mean the feminazi thing. I had been listening to Rush long enough to understand his humor. It was his earlier days of being famous. I LOVE Rush...even though I disagree with him on many issues...still, no one can articulate the issues from a conservative view generally as well as Rush. I noted a change in his woman bashing after he remarried. I know he is divorced and has been through the fire now in 2006. NOW is when Rush needs to write a book.I don't get to listen to him much any more, but I think you'd find the same views written in a very different way...a much better book. Write it, Rush!
This is Bone as he was meant to be. Beautiful black & white line work, glorious details. It's beautiful. It's huge.If you're buying for kids though I would recommend the smaller color trades. The color is pretty to look at but does lose a bit of the beautiful pen & inks of the original. Plus this monster is very, very heavy for a kid to carry around. Save on your child's medical bills and get the color trades for them.Save this monster for yourself.
I got lost more times than I have fingers watching this movie. The story keeps switching back and forth between 1961-65 and 1939-45. Now it does tell you at the bottom of the screen what year you're in but it switched so mamy times that I got lost once and couldn't figure out if I was in the 40's or the 60's and to tell you the truth at that point of this almost 3 hour movie. I really didn't care. I also had trouble keeping track of who all the characters were. The director does not do a good job of explaining things. You just have to figure it all out for yourself. And though I did watch the whole movie and I do understand what it's about. I think I would have to watch it about 2 more times to really get everything. But I'm just not willing to invest 9 hours on this. I'm sorry I wasted the 3. I watched it with my girlfriend and we kept asking each other "Do you understand what's going on"?, "Who's this person"?, "what year are we in"?I have other issues with this movie other than the convoluted story. The whole movie is filmed very, VERY, dark! It's like you're watching it with sunglasses on. There's one part in the movie when they get a russian spy to cross to their side, and they pretty much just take him at his word and consider him one of them. Later on in the movie another russian claims to be the same guy and wants to cross and says that the other Russian is a mole. Instead of taking this guy at his word, they torture him for several hours and when he sticks to his story they give him LSD as a truth serum and not only does he STILL stick to his story but he jumps out the window killing himself. All this gives the agents NO reason to believe that the guy they're trusting MIGHT actually be the mole!!! They don't torture him, they don't even question him. They just go on believing him. And guess what. He turns out to be the mole. Matt Damon finds this out by noticing a feather coming out of a book that one of his spy friends gave the mole. He then peels back the inside cover of the book reveiling a passport and other incriminating evidence. I mean this is truly stupid and really made the whole movie stupid. If you're going to make a movie this confusing it better at least be good and make sense and this movie does not. And why is Joe Pessci in this movie??? His Character is meaningless from what I can tell. Robert DiNero - A Bronx Tale this is not! Try again.
The book is an anthem to a human being and a course to the humanity that destroys the treasure of individual talent. There is Howard Roarke in many of us, we are just too weak to unearth it. One had to escape Bolshevik Russia to write THIS. Thanks Ayn! (I know this does not matter to you- and I don't care).
First of all I purchased this movie from my local CD Warehouse because it was on sale (2 for $3.99). I expected better than what I watched from the film. I wasn't able to follow the plot of the movie because they goes off about each of the five Lizards. I did think the movie was funny and I laughed through various scenes such as the one in the cafeteria where the lizards get caught, which is why I am giving the movie two stars instead of one. If you are into crude humor I slightly recommend this movie, but it definitely isn't worth spending the money buy.The only part I liked was the chemistry between the 5 Lizards, but not much else.
This is a movie that makes me want to like it. It is formed with beautiful cinematography and a good cast. Unfortunately, too many of the elements remind us of a much stronger and much better Sixth Sense. I think that it is not simply that the Writer/Director Shyamalan and Willis are together again, but that you feel at the end that this was a formula. The fact is you expect the surprise and you know it's coming because you have seen Sixth Sense.However, the movie has some very strong performances. Willis proves that he is a better actor than we give him credit for being (Unfortunately, Hudson Hawk &amp; Color of Night still stick in my memory and prevent me from giving him too much credit). Also, Samuel L. Jackson, who I usually think is overrated, puts in an interesting performance as the fragile comic art collector Elijah Price. I think his scene falling down the subway stairs is incrediblely effective and Shyamalan deserves kudos for creating it. In addition, the acting is also bolstered tremendously by the key-supporting role Robin Wright plays as the football-hating wife. She is the one character I think could have been used more to create a better link between Jackson's and Willis' character.Aside from the acting, the movie has artistic and creative merit. The premise and the twist at the end show real writing strength. This along with the way the movie is shot creates a very solid outcome. The problem is that the surprise appears a bit far-fetched and when things come together at the end, you are left thinking it was silly. I think Sixth Sense has the same potential, but you are willing to suspend your disbelief. The major reason is that in Sixth Sense, unlike this movie, all of the elements come together-you really think he is what he is. Here, they appear to simply be thrown in.Overall, the movie is solid and is a good one for a Friday night and popcorn. This is not great, but I would still recommend it.
Jeremy Fisher is one of the best canadian artists ever, he`s music is real, pure and just awesome! This cd got it all, fast up-beat songs and slower mellow songs. All the songs are written by Jeremy which is cool because alot of artists out there don`t write their own stuff. This is true Canadian talent!The Songs:Lemon Meringue Pie... 8/10Sucker Punch... 8/10High School...(1st single) 10/10Shooting Star (In Spite Of It All)... 10/10On Par... 7.5/10Fall For Anything... 10/10Singing On The Sidewalk... 10/10Drunk On Your Tears... 10/10Living On The Moon... 9/10Let It Shine... 10/10Just Friends...7/10great music!, the best album I bought this year so far. Keep it up Jeremy!
Sorry Charlie, but you failed at making a great thriller. Thats what I said after watching this movie. It is about a man and his doughter who just moved into a new house. But as they days go by, he notices that his daughter made a imaginary friend named Charlie. But Charlie isn't really nice. He kills innocent people and goes after Dakotta Fanning. But is he really made up, or is somebody hiding something?That is for you to find out. But it was a little to weird for my taste. If you like mysterious thrillers, then you will like this movie. But sadly, I didn't.
AFI's transition to a hardcore goth punk band has reached an epic climax with Sing the Sorrow. The group's major label debut reflects heavily on themes of lonliness and longing, brought to vivid life by singer Davey Havok's poetic lyrics and versatile vocals. Sing the Sorrow demands to be listened to with lyrics booklet in hand(which is a work of art in itself, thanks to intricately detailed illustrations by famed poster artist Alan Forbes). Havok's painstakingly trained voice conveys emotion from the softest whisper to the most ear-splitting scream. AFI's sonic diversity also lies in their wide pallette of instruments.In addition to the usual constitution of guitar, bass, and drums, the group adds to the gothic ambience of their songs with natural instruments like cellos, pianos, and even a church choir.STS shifts seamlessly from classical to punk to electronic, many times all within one song! And even if flawless genre shifting isn't your bag, AFI's lavish guitar work and energetic choruses are more than enough to warrant a purchase.
First the important: Do I recommend it? YesI bought Garmin iQue 3600 with the car mount (that includes the mount, car charger, and the attached external speaker) only a week back. However, I have been using it extensively. It has served me well so far, with minor problems and a few items already on the wish list.I recommend that you buy this unit with car mount and 512MB SD card.Pros:(1) All Palm functionality works fine straight out of the box, including the virtual grafiti2 as this has Palm OS 5.2.1r2(2) iQue 3600 is stylishly built including the its sync cradle(3) Very easy to create route, either to an address on the Palm Address Book, to a point in the map, to user created waypoints, or to thousands of point-of-interest (POIs) from map software loaded in the unit(4) Allows saving a route if you want to travel the same route later(5) GPS has worked flawlessly. Acquires satellite positions within a minute. Tip: if it doesn't, start driving and it quickly acquires satellite positions, and starts instructions for the current route automatically thereafter.(6) As you drive, it continues to update and display the estimated arrival time based on the current speed of travel, and actual stoppages at the signals or due to traffic. However, I think the estimated time is based on the rates speed along the route, and does not account for the intended signal stoppages.(7) Turn-by-turn voice instructions along with pop-up on the maps are extensive with an option to turn off the voice instructions.(8) You could also preview the turns at any time for an active trip(9) If you miss a turn or want to go by a route other than the suggested one, it informs of the fact, and immediately re-calculates alternate route with voice instructions.(10) One of the most versatile use of this unit - you will love it - is finding point-of-interest (POI) places wherever you are at that time, and ask it to take you there. Once, done you could ask it to get back to the original route without any problem. The POIs could be food joints, shopping, transportation (rail, air, road), attractions, entertainment, lodging, intersection, services (ATM, car wash, garages) etc.(11) You could also save any POI as a waypoint for later re-use quickly. You could also create your own waypoint that is not listed in Garmin's POI database.Cons:(1) When there is no need for any instruction; for example, when you are on a highway and the next turn or exit is far away on the route, the current position of the car moves out of the map area. One needs to tap the current position icon on the Palm taskbar to bring the position marker back on to the map. I think this is a bug that would be addressed in future patches.(2) Battery life before re-charge seems like an issue but only if plan to charge it weekly. Plan to buy it only with the car charger.(3) It has hung up few times requiring soft reset without loss of any data. I think Garmin needs to address this issue as I didn't have this problem in Palm m505 with the same software. Mind it some old software that are not compatible with Palm OS 5, will also cause the unit to malfunction.(4) Loading the map on the unit is a two step process and takes at least 1.5 hours using a fast 2.8 Ghz Pentium IV PC. Even if you want to add or delete one city, the process time is the same, as the PC needs to prepare one image file each time for all the maps to be loaded into the unit.(5) Interface to Garmin routing is available only from Palm's Address Book, which sucks. Garmin should build interface from better Palm contact softwares such as Iambic's Agendus.Overall, I am quite excited and happy in the first week of using this unit.
This album redefined the Beatles and redefined rock music in general. Everyone on the whole planet should own this album. Everyone who I know who hates the Beatles loves this album.
This CD marks a drastic and not unwelcome change for Rusty Zinn. It's not that I disliked his uptown blues CDs or his tough and tasty work on some of Kim Wilson's best albums. Far from it, I think Rusty Zinn ranks right up there with Junior Watson, Rick Holmstrom, Jay Geils, and Charlie Baty, to name a few of my fave guitarists. But _Zinfidelity_ is a whole nuther level of goodness. There's variety, real soul, and a sense of personal committment in the performances that can be felt through the speakers.I was hooked right from the opening bars of the first track, "Talkin' 'Bout You" which has a terrific Memphis R&B; sound, like something from Booker T & the MGs. And when the guitar solo happens, it's with a wah-wah pedal, but oh-so-tasty.The entire CD is filled with nice little surprises, e.g. a Boss Octaver on another great tune, "Lucille." And then BANG! out of nowhere, we get some reggae ("Put Your Hand in Mine") then more authentic-sounding soul ("Get My Hat")...Honestly, I have to say this is one of the most entertaining CDs I've heard in several months, and I really hope Volume 2 happens soon.Big props to the rhythm section -- bassist Randy Bermudes in particular -- and to Bob Welsh for the keyboards. (More bands should use that classic Hammond B3 sound, don't you think?)Bottom line: I like it lots.
I needed a usb cable to extend my iphone. This was a cheap easy fix. It simply works. This is a extension cable and will extend your usb cable.
I don't like this game. At all. And it's not just the super-pokey loading time, either.I will admit that there are a LOT of positives to this game, but I wish they had just tweaked the old format with these positives and left it as it was, because this new format REEKS.There is a lot more space, but the land is just out of control, the furniture selections suck and the camera couldn't be worked by the best of the best at Columbia Pictures! (There are many other things I dislike, but I can't think of them all at the moment.)I'll give it a few more chances and also wait for the game guide (which I'm getting for my birthday). But at the moment, I'm sorry I asked for this game for Christmas.
I admit I have never read any of Tom Clancy's previous works. I'll even go as far to confess that I'm not an avid reader. But I made a New Year's resolution that I would read more. After a recomendation I picked up Without Remorse by Tom Clancy. After getting three quarters through the book I started to remember why I wasn't as good a reader as I should be.The book is essentially the backstory of Clancy staple John Clark. Clark's wife is killed while he is on a mission and he after sinking into a depression he finds himself taken with a runaway named Pamela. When she is then murdured he sets out to exact revenge on those who killed her.The first thing I noticed about this book was it's length. There are books that are long and are well paced and then there are books that are long and are....well just LONG. This falls into the latter. Without Remorse is quite tedious and at often times difficult to read. There are so many techinical terms and military terminology that it's not only confusing, but it left me bored senseless. None of the terms are explained. Ususally technical terminolgoy is defined in paranthesis, but this time it isn't. Sure it may fill pages and the "enthusiasts" love it, but it comes across as having all the complellingness of a tech-manual. The main character of John Clark is a decent enough hero, but with all the techinical jargon he tends to get overshadowed by the specs.Only being familiar with the characters through the video games, I was interested in learning more about them through the novels. But my enthusiams waned. The book is 750 pages long but it feels like it's 250 pages too long. If you stripped away alot of the techno speak it might be more bearable. After this experience I don't think I'll be reading any more of Tom Clancy's works.
I had to return it, the sound was so poor compared to an old one I had for 10+ years.
This is such an on point representation of what Thor is as a comic character. It hits on all the hallmark aspects of the comic while fleshing it out to make him a living breathing person. Awesome.
Hahneman is a first rate modernist scholar who proposes history is what he makes it and truth is that forged on his anvil. The volume is a treasure of widespread research. However the author is weak on truth and demonstrates that in trying to recusitate a still-born idea from the 1970's and mold it into acceptance in today's world of lessoning standards of scholarship.Many will stand up and cheer if they hold his weak ideas of truth or when gagging on his multitudinous research and pedantic language they mindlessly adopt his conclusions.A careful modernist scholar will note his fallacious assumptions and oversight of certain facts (as noted by Dr. E. Ferguson) and reject the volumes' implicit claim to be a monument of scholarship. Quality scholars may sympathize but must reject the conclusion for its failures to prove its case.
This book is a worthy read and quite interesting. The only concern would be that it does not deal with a situation where you are working by yourself, which other books touch on and I've used with success to get phone numbers or email addresses.Also the team approach they suggest with a wing commander and wingman can work better if there is also a Kamakazi, an attached man with no interest in picking up new women, willing to take one for the team while the wingman acts to seperate the target from the rest of her group.
If this was being sold as a book of photographs instead of a book about photography, it probably would cost $40-50, because the pictures themselves are stunning works of art. The author, a gifted writer and teacher as well as a superb artist and photographer, explains why and how he selected the settings for each photo.The book is a pleasure to read, food for the mind, and a feast for the eyes.
you no i thought he didnt need cash money or the hotboys till i heard this album bg my favorite anyway this album sucks if will ripe your guts out and feed them to you it was so bad i went into a depression cause i like the hot boys if they were still together gunit would be in alot of trouble and everbody else in the rap game
Annie Fischer's Schumann recital is quite amazing, with the Kreisleriana performance actually comparable to Gieseking's great 1942 version in it's beauty of tone color and crystal clarity. The Kinderszenen and Fantasy are superb and the BBC recording is extremely full and clean. At nearly 80 minutes it is also very generous. Along with Richter,this goes to the top of my Schumann collection -- one that includes Lupu, Kempff, Horowitz and Andsnes
I've been a huge Boston fan for many years. I have every album they've ever made and eacho of them is a favourite of mine. Then.... I started to get worried when they released their greatest hits album. Two previously unreleased songs contained on that album were junk. I never though it was possible to call a Boston song, even two Boston songs &quot;junk&quot;. Those two songs had me worried for 5 years about what this new release would be like. In one word, &quot;garbage&quot;. A new backup/lead volcalist Kimberly Dahme is impressive and I'd love to here her solo, but she's not Boston. Fran Cosmo's son is now in the band and he may or may not have talent but he's definitely not Boston either.I never thought a band that was so good could sink to this level. I would have given this one star except for the fact that they're Boston and Boston's worst is better than most other bands' best efforts.
I found &quot;Whirligig&quot; to be a good book, even though it was hard to follow at times (because of the narration, which jumps, chapter to chapter). It details the perils of drinking and driving, in a way that is easier for YA readers to deal with. While I did not find this to be Newbery material, it would make a good addition to anyone's reading list.
I have been using it for couple of months with DD-WRT firmware and love it. It has been rock solid without any issue.If you are looking at this product, that means you are looking to run custom firmware to expose more functionalities. If that is the case, look no farther. This little box with DD-WRT can provide pretty much all the advanced functionalities you would need.
Of all the bread machine books I own, this is hands down my favorite. The cozy, small size has a lot to do with it to start, and to end - the fabulous recipes! I haven't been disappointed yet. This would make a great gift for someone who is just starting out with a bread machine.
The idea is great, unfortunately The producer must have an inordinately poor opinion of the population. This would be great for elementary school children. I watched many segments, hoping they would improve because I like the idea. Unfortunately they didn't, so I no longer waste my time.
I was hesitant about buying this chair after reading all the reviews, but I decided to take a risk and order it. I am not disappointed! It is not as small as people say it is, if you are 5'4" or shorter and not obese you'll probably have no problems with this! My husband is 6 feet tall and although rocking is a bit awkward for him, he uses this chair often to feed our baby. It is too big for our 10-year-old, so it is definitely designed for adults. The only down side is the rockers under the legs should be longer, it'd be easier to rock if they were - the chair has a bit of resistance when you rock in it. Other than that, it's very solid, comfortable, and it's made of real wood. It came well packaged, though the wood was chipped in a few places (barely noticeable unless you're really looking). I'm really glad I bought it, it's great for the nursery.
Boy, what a godsend... works a treat on my old Mac mini. Without its own power source whatsoever, it controls my: mouse, keyboard, printer/scanner, a 8x8 Midi controller, a 1T time machine, a Presonus R-BUS/Firewire interface (V-FIRE) and iPod video.The only problem I had was with my setup - I had my Mac shutdown after four or five hours of inactivity and I found this played havoc with the firewire devices attached to the hub (it basically auto-ejected them) whenever I wanted to use the machine again later. So I changed that to 'never' and it has behaved since.Device has to be connected to your Mac mini via both the USB and Firewire short cables provided. All USBs run at 2.0 by the looks of it. Sweet!
This was one of the worst travel books I have ever picked up! As a travel journalist myself, I was shocked to find that in many instances the authors did not even bother to research exact addresses. They simply wrote, &quot;ask the locals.&quot; Isn't that what Cadogan Guides paid these writers for? In addition, it's pretty scant--information you could easily find within a day of your stay on one of the islands. It was poorly researched! When I wrote to the publishers, livid that I had spent the money on a book that doesn't even list full addresses, they did not even bother to reply. That is how concerned they were with a reader's opinion.
I read this book when it first came out years ago. It made such a huge impression on me. Seems right on and I have always thought Netanyahu to be a stand up guy since then. Politics is messy but a read of this book will give you a lot of good info!
Patrick Clawson said that the first Arab Human Development Report in 2002 broke from the usual blame-the-foreigner excuses by Arab intellectuals and concentrated instead on the shortcomings of Arabs themselves as the principal reason for the problems of Arab societies. Not surprisingly, this candor sat poorly with Arab governments and hate-the-West intellectuals. As a result, this report, the third annual volume in the series, includes an executive summary and a chapter that bow in the direction of Arab political correctness, departing from the rest of the volume in its focus on the pernicious West as the source of restrictions on Arab freedoms. A particularly bizarre box criticizes Israel for its restrictions on churches--this in a volume that says not a single word about religious freedom for non-Muslims in the Arab world, not even about the ban on organized non-Muslim worship in Saudi Arabia.The 2004 report focuses on freedom with chapters on the intellectual basis of freedom, an overview of problematic issues, human rights ("denial of fundamental individual freedoms"), legal architecture ("legislative restrictions on freedom"), political architecture ("the vicious circle of repression and corruption"), and societal structures ("the chain that stifles individual freedom"), before closing with a chapter offering "strategic visions of freedom and governance." In the areas it covers, the analysis is quite solid if usually abstract: the authors obviously felt constrained from offering specific examples about freedom deficits in particular countries.Even accepting those limitations, the report's approach suffers from some obvious omissions, such as ignoring the rampant discrimination against non-Muslim and non-Arab populations, which are significant minorities in most of the Arab world. (In the four large Arab states of Algeria, Egypt, Iraq, and Sudan, which between them have a majority of the population of Arab states, minorities constitute a larger share of the population than do blacks in the United States.) The report also suffers from the mythology that an "Arab world" actually exists when problems and accomplishments differ remarkably from one Arabic-speaking country to another. Still, Nader Fergany and the rest of his large team are to be congratulated for being blunt about the Arab world's freedom deficit, a topic that only a few years ago would have been unthinkable as a subject for a report from an international organization.
It's sort of amusing, making puppets that look like the members, auditioning for a ruthlessly critical talent scout. It was much shorter than I expected. I think I had all the other music videos already.
I too have this Remote. It's by far the best one I've ever owned. I won't just repeat what's been said already, just whole heartedly agree. I've had it a year and have my living room home theatre system wired! To get the most out of it, look into a simple Radio Shacke JP1 compatible remote to aid in discrete code programming this one. Check www.remotecentral.com for about all the information on this you can handle. Buy it GREAT current Amazon price of $90.
.John Burningham must have had some very spooky bedtime stories read to him when he was a youngster. With his book &quot; Would you rather ...&quot; he is perpetuating that old Victorian-Edwardian Era parenting tip of disciplining children by frightening the tripes out of them.Imagine if you were a five-year-old and ready for bed. Then you were offered these treats as a bedtime snack.You have the choice of the following: to eat spider stew, slug dumplings, mashed worms or drink snail squash.Nausea rather than sleep is a likely result.And how about following that with these painful, violent scenarios?Would you rather .... be crushed by a snake .... swallowed by a fish ....., eaten by a crocodile..... or sat on by a rhinoceros ?The rational answer would be - I don't fancy any of those. But you are given no choice.We even get a good dose of gross social embarrassment. Mom has a fight with a waitress in a restaurant (rough translation from the britspeak &quot;row in a caff&quot;).And that's not all. Crabs and wolves chase us. Welcome to Mr Burningham's nightmare.We finish up with that greatest childhood fear of all. Getting lost. We do have a choice though, just to really the get kiddies panicking. We have a choice of getting lost in the fog, at sea, in a desert, or worst of all, in a CROWD.I want my Mommy !!! This is the inevitable cry.After all that, there is only one decision left. &quot;Perhaps you would rather go to sleep in your bed&quot;. No thanks!This is not a bedtime story; it's a recipe for giving children a lifetime of neuroses and insomnia. Oh, Mr Burningham, you've done it again !
My only complaint with this is that it seems to lose the signal for the outside temperature frequently. Other than that, I think it works very well.Worth noting: I thought that it was wall-mountable. It is NOT. There is a large plastic base built in that makes wall-mounting impossible.Bottom line: Great for the price
The extra footage on the film worth the exellent Amazon Price. The special features are also a blast.I would buy it again. I highly recommend it.
I just got one to give to my technophobe mom on Mother's Day. I am extremely impressed. It's attractive; it looks far more like a picture frame than an electronic device. The photo quality, while not quite as good as an average computer monitor, is quite respectable. It was extremely easy to set up and get working. And it works perfectly.The frame cycles between 20 pictures that you've uploaded to the Ceiva web site, showing each for between 5 seconds and 2 hours (the time is up to you). It downloads new pictures from the web site automatically every night; you can also force it to download immediately. You can store up to 1000 (I think) pictures on the web site, and the frame will rotate them, choosing 20 different ones each day. You can also tell it to keep pictures until further notice, or have it choose one picture randomly each day from each of 20 albums that you establish online, or show &quot;channels&quot; like the local weather and prime-time TV schedule, or any combination of the above.You can send photos in JPEG or several other formats. Ceiva's web site recommends editing photos to increase color saturation and contrast, and decrease brightness, in order to optimize their appearance on the frame (as opposed to on your monitor). I think their advice is correct, but I don't want to bother saving 2 versions of each photo, one for me and one for my mom's frame; the quality is still pretty good. Ceiva also recommends saving in 640x480 pixels, but I've found that larger pictures (both slightly larger and way larger) look just as good, so I don't bother saving a small version just for the frame. (I have a fast web connection, so I don't mind the time it takes to upload the image from my PC. I'm not sure whether this results in longer time for Ceiva to download photos to the frame, but I suspect that they convert them to 640x480 before downloading them.)Now the drawbacks:- It's expensive. ....- The image quality could be better.- Th image must be viewed pretty much straight on, not at much of an angle.- The person with the frame can do very little. Basically all they can do (besides enjoy the show) is change the brightness and force an immediate download. Anything else, including telling it what hours to go dark at night, how long to show each picture, what pictures to change the next day, or your changed phone number, must be done on their web site. The assumption is that if the owner doesn't have a PC, he/she doesn't want to get involved with these things. That's probably the case most of the time, so I think this is a reasonable design, but there are probably some users who want to do more. Also, if there are connection problems, it can be cumbersome to troubleshoot and correct them with so little control from the frame.- The web site user interface is confusing. It's actually pretty powerful once you figure it out, but it's way too hard to figure out.- Of course, you need your photos in digital form to send them to Ceiva's web site. If you already do digital, this is no problem. If you will have to start doing this just so you can send them to Ceiva, that's additional time and expense that you need to factor in.- The frame comes in your choice of colors, so long as your choice is black.- Other users have complained of hardware problems. Most of those seem to show up right away, so you can reduce the problem by getting the unit in advance and trying it out before giving it as a gift. But the number of complaints I've seen seems rather high.I expect that most or all of these problems will be fixed over time. The price will inevitably come down, and Ceiva's web site suggests that a new model this summer will accept pictures directly from memory cards rather than requiring a service subscription. (Some competitive products already do this.) Display technology, of course, keeps improving. Their web site promises an improved UI in a few weeks. And it implies that other colors will be available eventually. In a couple of years, I think this will be a much more appealing product, perhaps good enough that I'll want several around my house.But if you have (say) a parent who craves pictures of their grandchildren, a couple of years of pleasure is worth a lot. That's why I sprung for one for my mom last week, and I liked it so much, I ordered a second for my wife's grandma yesterday. I just packed up my mom's after having it running in my office for a few days, and I miss it already!
Cloe to the famous book. Nicely portrays life of a samll town in teh begi9nning of the 20th century. Actors are great.
I read this book before I enrolled in any classes with Dr. Rogers, before I ever moved to Hilo, Hawai'i to persue a Japanese Studies major. My opinion may still be biased, but I was highly enamoured from the very beginning, before even meeting or talking to him.I really love the selection of authors. Some are well-known, although these pieces are not. Others are not well-known, at least in America. Sensei chose material that would be largely unfamiliar to an American audience, which suits me just perfectly. If I wanted things I'd already read, why would I bother? I had read none of these stories, however, and was unknowledgable with more than half of the authors.The translations are highly readable. I'm impressed at what a good writer Sensei is. As I haven't read the Japanese originals, nor am I immediately capable of reading them, I can't comment on their accuracy, however, I am Dr. Rogers' student, after all, and I know his fastidious habits.One of the best features of this text is the large introduction Sensei has penned. Interesting, insightful, readable and charming, it shows that Sensei is not just a translator and re-writer but a writer himself, and as I said above, I was delighted by his skill. I'd happily devour an entire book of his essays on Japan. I have so much to learn from him!I couldn't recommend this any more highly. While the stories are readable and entertaining in their own right, they'll also give you insight into Tokyo, the main thrust of the book. Their organization by geography of the city is a cute bonus.Kore wa totemo hontouni ii desu yo!
This book will not be for everyone. The layout and teaching style may turn you off and that is ok. Everyone learns differently.The book does cover a lot of ground, perhaps too much but more or less does so in enough depth to make this book attractive to novices and intermediate programmers.I have two main complaints:1. The GUI section is extremely weak. The jukebox is not as much of an example of writing a solid, good looking GUI as it is a 'whee look what I can do' example. Granted using Swing is a topic for at least an entire book(and I hope a good HF GUI book is in the works), but the lack of useful examples of common components and the terrible layout managers makes this a section of the book easily skipped.2. Some of the client/server examples in the networking chapter block permantantly. It compiles fine, but it blocks forever. There is not a deep enough discussion on IO and networking to make this a useful chapter.Other then those two quibbles, which might be very minor depending on your point of view, this is a fun, generally well-written book that anyone should be able to use to great effect.
I need it a replace cord for my christmas light plug that damaged and this fit the bill without breaking the bank. It was a better price then HomeDepot or Lowes by about $1 to $2. My christmas village is look great once more.
Oh man. I'm sure more than one person said to William Hung, &quot;They're all gonna laugh at you!&quot; Boy were they right. And we're still laughing. And never once were we laughing WITH you, William Hung, but at you. Was the fame worth it? Was the money worth it? This is like becoming famous through the Darwin Awards, or for being on Cops. Buying this album is just a silly thing to do. But go ahead and do it if you have millions of dollars and lots of time to waste. Go ahead, I don't care. In fact, I might buy it since I obviously have nothing to do, writing reviews on William Hung. God have mercy on my soul.
All of The King's Blade books are great. I like this one the best after The Gilded Chain.
A group of spoiled, hedonistic young people flee a disco and repair to an isolated villa in the French countryside. They are introduced to a hulking, perpetually grinning farmhand named Joseph (a ferociously mugging Vincent Cassel), caretaker of the estate. Joseph gives the kids a tour of the crumbling manse, full of dolls and mannequins and other spooky bits of d&eacute;cor. A shadowy female figure glimpsed in an attic is explained away as his wife (she later looms large in the film's big shock conclusion). Little by little, the young people find their host to be casually racist, cheerfully calling an Algerian girl "a camel driver" -- and during a side trip to the local swimming hole, they find he has a lustful eye towards the young men in their party! There is an blood-caked showdown between the kids and Joseph on Christmas Eve, leading to Grand Guignol conclusion.Until very recently, France's horror film output was rather negligible. Other than George Franju's Les Yeux Sans Visage (1960) and the films of Jean Rollin, few could note any notable Gaelic shockers until the arrival of Gaspar Noe. His I Stand Alone (1998) and Irreversible (2002) were daring, innovative shockers that remained true to their European art house roots with leisurely pacing, existential outlook and overall brooding atmosphere. These features were bolstered with some very notable "borderline" horror projects such as Fat Girl (2001) and The Piano Teacher (2001).However -- Sheitan, along with Calvaire (aka The Ordeal, 2004) seems to be treading the tired, tried-and-true path forged by American horror films of the Seventies. Both are essentially remakes of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974). Sheitan, for all of its frenetic pacing and eagerness to entertain creaks under conventionality. A bit of Psychotronica for Eurotrash fans -- look for Monica Belluci (Irreversible, The Passion of the Christ) as a vampire on a movie quoted off a nearby TV screen!
I always loved finding cheats for games and so i thought purchasing this would make it easier for me. At first I was amazed of how much good cheats there were and ones I couldn't find on gaming sites. All I had to do was start up the Ar Max, go on expert mode, find the game I had, select the cheat codes, press start, then switch it to the game. When I tried it on one game, everything was fine and cheat codes were really fun. But the second time I used it, I noticed the game was acting funny, freezing and sometimes refused to start up at all. I thought I was playing the game too much, so I tried another game and was using other cheats from Ar Max. This time I played, I was enjoying it until the second play through AGAIN it happened. Every time I insert the game, my Playstation 2 would make these struggling noises and it would refuse to read the game disc. I would check the discs which found no scratches then re-insert them, but ended up with the same results. I was so frustrated of the damage the Ar Max did, so now I have two of my games completely ruined.So don't buy this, it's a rip off, and you will end up with messed up game discs!
I was ready to hit the button, but I had to check the price twice. Whoa! I called a friend in the UK. The dollar is soooo low... 2x for a pound. Guess what? Until our economy perks up or something changes... GET USED TO IT. The dollar also takes a licking against the euro. What does this mean? Not just European businesses, but American businesses need to raise prices to make a profit with the dollar worth zip. Oy! Bye, bye, Help dvd.
This is a very simple book. The mother animals (sheep, ducks, chickens, cows, sheep, goats, etc.) are looking for their babies. They are helped by flaps for little hands to lift to help the mommies discover their babies.The babies are found. The mommy duck finds her ducklings. The mommy pig finds her piglets. In the case of my 21 month old granddaughter, she is clearly brilliant as she knows the sounds many of these critters make. So, as we read this book, my grandgirl can quack and moo and bleet. My favorite is her kitty's "yeom" which is "meow" backwards. She loves this book so I think that's the best review I can offer.
Most mystery novels I've encountered are strong on plot but seriously compromised by cardboard characterization and hastily sketched settings. The authors seem impatient to get on with the action-- and to finish the manuscript, so that they can begin the next title in the series. This novel, Tey's best, is a cut above such standard fare. It offers enough suspense (and a hugely understated love story) to keep the pages turning, while being as thoroughly worked out as mainstream literature. The Franchise Affair and The Great Gatsby are the only novels I've read repeatedly, and I revisit them because they create their worlds so economically and effectively. You might also enjoy the British movie by the same name, starring Michael Denison and his wife, Dulcie Grey.
makes a good gift, liked by the people I gave them to. I would recommend this to anyone as a neat gift.
Doctorow's eccentric cyber-spoof gives us a future where everyone's connected and nobody really has to &quot;die&quot; - a clone will be provided for you, loaded with your last backup. By the end of the 21st Century, this &quot;Bitchun Society&quot; has spread over the face of the planet. In the new world it has created, your standing among others (a.k.a., &quot;Whuffie&quot;) is your currency.For Jules, a century of Bitchun life has taught him that what he really wants is to live happily and be liked by others. What better way to gain the respect of your peers than by imagineering the Happiest Place on Earth? Jules takes on the Haunted Mansion ride at Disneyworld and starts working on making it better.But all isn't perfect in the park: his own shocking murder brings out a nasty political battle between people who want to preserve the rides *exactly* as they are and those who feel the experience needs to be broadened and Bitchuned, top to bottom.There are a lot of interesting points made about cloning, virtual reality, technology, and tradition, and Doctorow walks us through these as we watch Jules struggle. The tension grows as the further along we go, the more disconnected Jules becomes from the Bitchun Society, ironically in the name of preserving his own corner of it.Down &amp; Out in the Magic Kingdom serves both as a fun exercise in imagination and a smart counterpoint to the darker vision of our future originally expressed by the Cyberpunks of the '80s. An easy read, the only drawback is that the storyline could use a bit more depth - expanding this book to 300 pages would probably help flesh out Jules and the other characters enough that the reader feels more immersed and less like a bemused casual observer. 5-star ideas, 3-star story, but worth the read just the same.
Promising premise. Bad Acting (hello! Casper Van Dien?Pluuueeese), badly executed story, horrible writing and weakdirecting. Enough said. See it if you want a laugh at the expense of Trinity Broadcasting.
Title: Left Behind by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. JenkinsPages: 342.Time spent on the "to read" shelf: I'm guessing at maybe 7 or 8 years. One of the longest time frames for an unread book in my collection.Days spent reading it: 3 days.Why I read it: Alright, so I've always been an advocate of "don't knock it until you've read it." I've thought that about Harry Potter (and the Christian overreaction to the series) and other books in my lifetime. Now I've never read Left Behind, but I've been a fan of knocking it since I was in college. I've had it for a long time, just never got around to reading it because I knew that I fundamentally disagreed with the author's view of the end-times. So I finally decided I was going to read it.Brief review: I'll be honest. I did not have much hope of enjoying this book. I knew that I would fundamentally disagree with the major plot point of this book--the idea that the church would be raptured before the tribulation described in the Bible.However, I enjoyed this book. No, it wasn't the greatest book I've ever read. It wasn't even a book I thought was particularly well written. There was a lot of cheesy dialogue in it. But I think what this book accomplishes wonderfully is this: It presents a CLEAR gospel presentation, and calls all people to turn to Jesus. You cannot read this book and wonder to yourself, "Gee, I wonder how one becomes a Christian." Its just not possible. You can ignore it. You can mark it down as cheesy dialogue. You can think its forced in some places. But you cannot ignore the gospel message in this book. I like that. And since this series has sold literally millions of books (sure, many of them to Christians), I'm sure millions have gotten into the hands of people who need to hear that clear gospel message.I also love how this book emphasizes the fact that being good is not the same as getting into heaven. There are plenty of people who profess to have a relationship with God who are faking it or who are flat out lying. This is an important point to make, because it forces me to think about who is a part of the church? Who will get into heaven? The answer is: only those who have a relationship with Jesus Christ. That's it, nothing else will do.So a few things that I did not like so much. First, I do not think there will be a pre-tribulation rapture of the church. I just do not that its in the Bible. I won't say any more about it here, feel free to write a comment or email if you want to talk about that. Second, the Christians who are taken away in Left Behind are typically described as the kind of good folk who believed in Jesus and lived their lives perfectly. LaHaye and Jenkins never talk about Christians who were flawed humans being raptured. Perfect pastors get raptured (awesome, I'm in!). Tattooed punks don't (sorry tattooed punks). I think LaHaye and Jenkins will be surprised when people who don't "look like Christians" greet them in heaven. The authors did a good job of saying that people who look like Christians, but in their hearts are faking it, are not really Christians. They did not do such a great job of saying that people who don't look like Christians, but in their heart have a real relationship with Jesus, can be true Christians.Overall, this is a book that has impacted millions. I am glad that I finally got around to reading it. It caused me to think, it caused me to evaluate what I DO believe about the end-times. Left Behind did not change my mind about how the events will play out, but it did surprise me in a good way. I enjoyed reading it. I would be vaguely interested in reading other books in the series (the series is ridiculously long, and I have tons of books on my current reading list, but someday I might consider it). The characters were enjoyable, and the plot was well paced. Definitely worth the time I invested in it. I would recommend it to anyone who would be interested in ONE perspective of the end-times, as long as they realized LaHaye and Jenkins are not the only interpretation of the end-times and they are certainly not writing Scripture.Favorite quote: "I'm afraid he's gone off naked. He's a religious person and he'll be terribly embarrassed."One funny thing I remember about this series. When I was in Toccoa, GA, a Christian Bookstore there had a sign advertising "Desecration available here! Only $14.99!" That always made me laugh. (Desecration is one of the later books in the series)Stars: 4 of 5.Final Word: Surprising.
A very worthwhile collection, with something to entertain and inform in nearly every interview. As the title says, the subjects are mostly entertainers who've maintained their popularity over some duration without ever going totally mainstream: Tom Lehrer, Berkeley Breathed, Dr. Demento, Henry Rollins, Harlan Ellison, KRS-One, etc. There are few exceptions: what is cultural blip Vanilla Ice doing here? Some of the interviews interested me especially, for various reasons. Ian MacKaye proves himself to be a man of deep intelligence, which I already knew, but more than that: he possesses a strong, pragmatic view of the world. Rather than railing (rather short-sightedly) at the evils of record companies, as several of the subjects in this book do, for example, he sees that they exist to make a rpofit, and those musicians who wish to make their own profit by signing onto them shouldn't be surprised when they're used as dollar-generating tools rather than as artists. As he says, he doesn't want to destroy the world, just create his own little world that can co-exist within the larger system. Andrew WK, whom I envisaged as some head-thrashing meathead based on his music (and song titles), turns out to be an introspective young man, honest and full of enthusiasm for all life has to offer. He's a bit like Brian Wilson: meticulous, fragile, but wanting to bring joy to people with music. Who knew? KRS-One also turns in a surprising interview, with some rather unusual comments about the sate of hip-hop culture and how the black population is hurting it. And there's David Lee Roth, whose interview is a splendid olio of self-aggrandizing, stream of (semi-)consciousness, disjointed logic, and outright nonsense. The man's brain must be fried. But all the subjects have something of value to impart (except perhaps Russ Meyer, whose answer to every single question involves his need for well-endowed women), even if a streak of the curmudgeon runs through most of them. Good fun.
I purchased one of these for myself, and a second one for my father. I had some concern that it might be too heavy and clunky to haul around, but it turned out to be surprisingly light. I carry mine when out relic hunting. It is great for poking and prodding at things, and surprisingly effective for shooing pesky children back to their parents, or pesky dogs back to their owners. Every curmudgeon should have one of these. Great tool.
This is a very good camera, and the price is just right. The one flaw I see in it is its base for the laptop... I felt it could have been better designed. The camera turns ok but again, could have more freedom in its movement. And the cam itself could be less bulky.------------------EDIT: Had this camera for a year and even bought one for my mother. Both of these broke after a year! -- A rip-off.
1963 is about the time that this record was done. Part live and part studio intermixed. The energy is so phenomenal and overwhelming that you will pass out from exhaustion just listening to "Shout and Shimmy", 'I'll Never Let You Go" and "Please Please Please". This Record is the second best album cut by Brown, eclipsed only by Live at the Apollo vol.1. This record is KILLER!
This is a great movie with some outstanding acting that just carry it and make it so enjoyable to watch.I made a short video that summarizes the movie. It has many spoilers, so if that bothers you, don't watch it: [...]
i have combination skin and occasional acne. this powder foundation gives me coverage and a glow. i get lots of compliments on my skin tone!also, the full size lasts a LONG time, so if you're comparing prices to drugstore brands, definitely give this a try.the only thing i don't like is that my pores look more obvious when i'm wearing this.
I really love Tom Hanks, so I admit I'm biased. But this is an entertaining film although I was bummed that the policeman working with the Langdon character was killed off. I liked him.
I am an average computer user. I understand most of the jargon, and so I tried to install XP myself on my Gateway Profile. I really wish I had not listened to the talk. I upgraded norton Internet Security to 2002. I tried to install my Amazon supplied XP. I found incompatabilities everywhere. Now I have no Norton Virus Protection.. I found it did not like my Linsys ethernet Card, which connects me through RoadRunner by Time Warner to the internet. Whoever you call (and Microsoft is really not an option), they all want to'pass the buck'The only way I have been able to get back to communication is by uninstalling XP. I still have no Norton Internet Security.I know this sounds like 'moaning', but frankly, it is not easy with my Gateway system and Time Warner to get any help. When things go wrong, you really need a friend and XP friends are in short supply.
I was looking for a different kind of stone for my wife for our anniversary, and decided to try these. The color is a very light green, and my wife loved them. I will be buying matching items as Amazon offers them.
The Deep Purple members released such a masterpiece after the lousy &quot;Abandon&quot;, from 1998. The stuff on here is totally inspired, negating their neeed for the arrogant and legendary guitarrist Ritchie Blackmore.All the tracks show us their fine combination of technique, composition and melody, which simply thrills us just after the first listening. We can also find the gorgeous song &quot;Haunted&quot;, a soothing ballad that should be listed on any &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; from DP from now on. Buy this record and listen to it without prejudice or comparison to albums from earlier decades, because their music, as it has been for 35 years, always evolves into unexpected atmospheres and provides us the essence of hard rock.
Who would have the creative energy and ambition to release a three disc set containing 69 songs all about the most complex of human emotions, while at the same time giving it a name that is a clever double entendre? Stephen Merritt, that's who. The gifted/eccentric pop auteur has delivered a stunning set of songs that examine love from every possible angle. This is no sappy collection of silly love songs. Merritt is concerned with more than just the superficial idea of love that we have been presented in movies, television, and, well...... music.The songs on this collection examine the countless effects that love can have upon us. There is the giddy joy of falling in love and developing a new relationship, the pain of realizing that love is fading from a relationship, the need for love, unrequited love, the pain of a failed relationship, clinging to falsely idealized love, etc. The list goes on and on. Sometimes the songs explore the intertwined natures of lust and love and sometimes they examine love in the purest sense.The course taken by these songs is never conventional and neither is the music. Just like love itself, nothing is ever predictble. Sometimes Merritt crafts pure pop songs, elsewhere he shows his Joy Division influence with syntheziers and distortion. But turn around again and he's churning out acoutsic folk or jazz influenced cuts. The reason that everything coheres so nicely is because Merritt has a singular artistic vision here. He works with a purpose on these songs and whether he's breaking your heart or making you laugh with his caustic with, he never resorts to cheap sentimentality or easy answers. We wouldn't want it any other way. Savor this album. We may never see it's like again.
Maggie is a feisty Scottish lass who has lost two brothers in stupid clan wars and decides to put a stop to it by persuading all the women in Clan McAllister to leave their families (essentially go on strike) until the men decide to stop the nonsensical killing. Amazingly enough, she is also successful in getting the MacDouglas clan women to do the same. The problem is, now the men on both sides want to kill HER!Braden is the youngest of the McAllister clan--his older brother Lochlan is laird--and he's a ladies man all the way. In the first chapter, he's involved in an orgy with three sisters (one of them married) when the elderly husband finds them and he is persuaded to head back to Scotland. Braden is good-looking and charming and women chase after him, so he indulges himself. Thoroughly. He has decided that he will enjoy women where he finds them and never fall in love and get married because he can't trust them after his own mother's heartless rejection of his older brother Sin.Maggie is not a beauty and knows that she will never have a chance with Braden, but she's loved him all her life because he was kind to her as a child when her brothers tormented her. This story is full of tender childhood anecdotes of Braden and Maggie and their siblings and all the young women who chase after him. Braden has never thought of Maggie as a woman before, but now that they are embroiled in this clan feud together, he finds himself wanting her more than any other woman. But he cannot allow himself to take her, because he knows that he can never be faithful to one woman, and hurting Maggie is just not something he can do.I love the characterization, the childhood vignettes, the way that the author draws the couple together in spite of the obstacles separating them. In all honesty, though, I was a touch disappointed in the depth of Braden's womanizing and the implication that it's okay for him to indulge as long as the women chase after him. I actually thought that was a bit much for the time period, too. I mean, TEN girls attacking him when he was 16? Surely there would have been at least SOME restraint imposed by the church, parents, etc. It's bad enough that Maggie couldn't think of a single man she knew who was faithful to his wife--not her older brother nor her father nor Braden's father--much less that she ends up with a guy who attracts women like honey to bees. I think it detracts a little from the HEA.HOWEVER, I'm already into the third book of the series, and I wouldn't want to discourage anyone from enjoying this one. (I am wondering how this one relates to the first book, though. Seem to be completely unrelated characters unless I'm missing something.)
i bought this foir my sister and she hasn't let me watch it yet. Oh well. Thabks it came in good time and was in excellent shape on arrival.
This is an amazing novel. It is very difficult to get into because of the thick prose-poetry. (Often, there is parenthetical material, (sometimes with more parenthetical materical nested inside other parenthetical material.)) But the use of language is dazzling: thick, dense swirling prose-poetry of a young boy in a poor family, who (unlike everyone else) has a creative mind and a desire to escape.We have several narrative voices telling us about one poor family's life in a tiny town in East Texas. The principal narrator has an extraordinary vocabulary that might send you to the dictionary. Other narrators are his poorly-educated relatives, so their wordchoice is folksy and quaint. The most interesting narrator is, quite unexpectedly, the nearby river, which talks back to the main narrator.There is a lot of pent-up sexuality in these pages. Everyone is frustrated. One uncle ran off with a traveling circus and pursued a gay life. One married man never consummated his marriage with his child-bride. The narrator clearly has desires, but can't act upon them, perhaps because it's such a tiny town, the kind of town with no secrets.But it is the evocation of nature that is stunning. (Annie Dilliard WISHES she could write this kind of dazzling "I see and comprehend every aspect of nature in my neck of the woods" prose!) Once I realized the prose was not totally unreadable (after about 6 pages), I started relishing the many inventive Proustian flourishes, the gorgeous phrases, the glorious philosophy of the interconnected web of family, nature, life, and escape.If you want a serious literary experience, this is it!
Author Jerry Stahl will always have a place in my heart for his affiliation with my favorite porno movie, &quot;Cafe Flesh.&quot; I picked this up on the recommendations of the people on the dust jacket and I was not disappointed! The (doubtlessly autobiographical) narrative begins when our 15-year-old hero loses his virginity in a monstrous and embarrassing way. It's all downhill from there as he's kicked out of his fancy prep school and moves in with his monstrous yenta mother. The hero's mom is a combination of Sara from Selby's &quot;Requiem for a Dream&quot; and Joan Crawford, perpetually dressed in glittery formal attire. Seeking redemption by running away from home with his elementary school sweetheart, now a lapsed Hara Krishna, he hitches a ride with two malevolent hippies named Meat and Varnish -- GO READ THE BOOK!I don't know if I can adequately express in words the depth this little page-turner had on me. It's full of grotesque characters who at first appear hilarious, that upon closer inspection become heart-breakingly tragic. On a more personal level, I can relate to the hero in that I had an easy-going lawyer father who met a tragic end. As he sagely advises his boy at one point (I don't have the book in front of me so this quote is approximate) &quot;Do something -- you'll regret it later, anyway!&quot; The funniest and saddest book you'll read for many years.
This is one Superman trade paperback I am very much looking forward to reading. Neal Adams made great changes with Batman and Green Arrow in the late 60's, and then his magic went over to cover Superman in the 70's. This is the time when it was changed for Clark Kent to work at WGBS in news rather than at a newspaper, and possibly the greatest time to advance the character. (Forget cheesy electric blue costumes or even long hair -- this is what we call change). You'll even see Superman EAT Kryptonite, so how can you go wrong? Highly recommended.
The movie itself was good but it was annoying that it is part of the Virginian series which I already have. Otherwise good acting and writing.
I enjoyed this book because it took me into a new world in which I have little knowledge, and gave me enough information so that I could understand it, but not so much that it lost the story line.Elena, the main character is wonderfully human. She has depression issues and real problems from a beleivable cause. Many writers don't have something truly bad happen to a character, because it makes people uncomfortable. I for one was glad to see a real person.I think this was very well written, and a good read for those of you who like mysteries. This is not a romance, and if you like a healthy dose of romance in your series, I would try, Helen Myers, Nora Roberts or Erica Spindler. Very good book!
The fourth ingredient in this candy is ammonium chloride. Too bad I didn't read the label before ingesting this product. It has been several hours since I ate my first and LAST two pieces of this candy and I still have the sensation and smell of ammonia in my nose. A spicy dinner and a Neti Pot nasal wash did not remove it.This is one of the worst things I have ever had in my mouth (or up my nose...) and I am heartily glad I bought a single carton at a local store before buying a CRATE at amazon.com.I'm a salty licorice lover. This licorice is very salty, hardly sweet (that's what I expected) but packs an unpleasant and lasting ammonia wallop that I found intolerable.
&quot;Men and women have different minds - says Matt Ridley in one of the central chapters of his book-. The differences are the direct result of evolution. Women's minds (and bodies, as he states in a previous pharagraph) evolved to suit the demands of beraring and rearing children and of gathering plant and food. Men's minds (and bodies) evolved to suit the demands of rising in a male hierarchy, fighting over women and providing meat to a family&quot;.To arrive to this and other conclusions, Ridley goes a long and difficult way through biology, genetics and continents, starting with a basic question: why is there sex at all? After all, many species reproduce without it. The first three or four chapters of &quot;The Red Queen&quot; may be a little onerous, but apparently they are necessary to support the last ones.This is a book about evolution with a focus on human sexuality and the human mind. Everything on humans - our bodies, our behavior towards the opposite sex, even our minds and social rules - is a direct result of a process called sexual selection that allows the reproduction of the fittest, therefore transmiting their genes to the next generations.When answering why there is sex at all and how men and women's bodies and minds evolved in the last million years, we come to many uncomfortable truths about adultery, rape, incest and life. Why do more rich men marry beautiful women and not the other way around? Why have the attempts to sell pornogrphy to women and romantic novels to men failed? And above all this: why did evolution produce different minds in men a women?Take all of the above and pack it with a red cover, and you have one of the most amazing readings of the year.
I have only read a couple of Stuart Wood's book that have fallen below the average mark. Most of his writing is pretty consistant, gets right to the story, and usually interesting. This book features a good story and good characters. You won't be disappointed.
This is a fantastic film! The story, cinematography and scenery are mesmerizing and inspiring. Starts out seeming to be a fairly unimpressive story, but then blossoms into a masterpiece. I was so taken with this movie that I went out and bought "The Story of San Michele," the book which is a central part of the film's plot. Loved the book too! This movie may serve as an entry point for younger generations to learn about Axel Munthe and "The Story of San Michele," - which is quite a comeback for a 60 year old book.
This coloring book is a challenge. The fine tip markers included make it possible to do. For children eight and over (even those 50 years old) a pastime that requires mastering. MH
Prior to seeing this movie, I didn't understand what was meant by the term 'film noir'. Film noir, I understood, was an enviable quality in a movie, a dark quality, but it was also an ephemeral quality: I knew it when I saw it in a movie, but could not elucidate precisely what it was.Blood Simple is the bizarre tale of some small-town Texans (the politically incorrect term likely would be white trash) marginally employed in a variety of jobs: private eye, bartender, loan shark, etc. One thing leads to another and eventually all of the major characters meet grisly ends.In this vein the movie is fairly predictable: it becomes obvious about half way through the movie that the only way for the movie to end is for everyone to die; that is, the movie requires that none of its major characters survive the world in which they inhabit.So, no, the movie is not to be judged in the way Hitchcock is to be judged; the movie is predictable.But what of its evocative atmosphere? What of its unstabilizing effect on the viewer? Watching this movie is like having bugs crawl over you: you want it over with as soon as possible so you can escape the bizarre sensations. If the genius of film is that it excites the emotions (hell, even Die Hard does this), then this movie is the apotheosis of emotional excitement.
I researched dozens of so-called Photo Printers for a year before this one caught my eye. This is an amazing product for the price, and it's the first to have impressed my wife. The output quality is so close to real photos that we ran out and spent $300 on frames!My only caveat is that, while the built-in card readers seem like a great idea, the fact is you usually need to process your pictures on a PC to get them looking their best -- before you print. But still, it's super cool to be able to pop a CompactFlash card in this printer, print an Index sheet, click the Save button, and have the pictures copied automatically to your computer.One other minor gripe is that this printer isn't all that sexy looking on one's desk. Its control panel is a hodgepodge of buttons and curves. I actually preferred the styling of HP's DeskJet 970Cse. It has the same print engine, but instead of the built-in computer it has a duplexer -- which is not nearly as interesting for photo printing. (Note that you pay $100 for the P1100's duplexer -- the only difference from the P1000.) It would be nice if HP offered an even cheaper model without the duplexer or card readers.This was my first serious foray into photo printing, and I was a little disappointed to discover how fragile inkjet output is. Basically, you can never touch a print on photo paper because it'll be sticky for a while. And if you get any water on it, plan to reprint. The best way to protect your good pictures is to put 'em under glass.Mechanically, I've experienced a few misfeeds when using the 4x6 photo tray -- and those were with HP's sample 4x6 paper. Epson's cheaper 4x6 paper will not fit the tray without trimming, but amazingly I didn't have any misfeeds with it. My solution was to buy a good paper cutter and print everything on letter size paper.All in all, this is the printer I'm recommending to friends and family. When I first showed the output to people and asked them to guess how much a printer like that costs, every one of them guessed around $2,000! That got me thinking I should compare the output with HP's color laser printer. And with the exception of a little holographic effect at different viewing angles on pictures from the P1000, I thought the quality was noticeably better than the color laser printer -- at 1/6th the price.
I found Lisa Kleypas' SUDDENLY YOU completely unreadable; this qualifies as yet another iteration of the perfect-notorious-rake-initiating-the-imperfect-virgin-to-passion storyline (the words "notorious rake" are used to describe Jack later in the novel). This book revels in the handsome, muscular frame of an experienced rake igniting the virgin passions of a plump, ordinary-of-appearance spinster under slightly different circumstances. Is it me, or are all romance rakes' names Jack? Written mostly from the heroine Amanda's perspective, SUDDENLY YOU is interested in one thing and one thing alone: celebrating notorious rake Jack's chiseled perfection and opulent riches (I counted so many descriptions of the hero's handsome, muscular bearing, I lost count) while he initiates a plump spinster virgin to passion and pleasure. We have the forward, scoundrel comments which Amanda scorns outwardly yet secretly relishes. We have the tender, scientific ministrations of a libertine igniting tingles and ripples through Amanda's core. SUDDENLY YOU never misses a chance to remind us the hero is, in fact, muscular and handsome. We have yet another romance novel's artifice to contrive the attraction of a perfect hero for a mediocre-looking virgin. We have the virgin heroine's insecurities over her plump, ordinary appearance (insecurities which last to the end). We have the hero regaling her with praise about her appearance and tender words of affection. We have the hero encouraging her in business and profession and treating her an equal. In the early love making, we have Amanda wanting more though she knows not what -- yet the hero knows (you know you've read this in some form thousands of times). We have the experienced hero easily aroused and honorably putting a stop to the escalating sensuality ("Amanda I don't trust myself with you any longer. I have to leave while I'm still able"). We even have the virgin heroine yearning to discover the mysterious hero's tortured past and truly know him like no other woman before. The hero Jack is infatuated with her (there's no other word for it) while the heroine Amanda tries to cut things off, predictably prompting Jack to come to a decision about the married life he never wanted. You've read all of this before, the characters are the exact same and the juvenile plotting is the same.Jack is just like every other handsome cartoon pimp from any romance novel lauding Amanda's brains while Amanda is like every other "witty," ordinary-looking virgin fawning over Jack's muscles. Let me reiterate: there's no real plot here ala Kathleen E. Woodiwiss, Laura Kinsale, Elizabeth Chadwick, Elizabeth Hoyt or Madeline Hunter. And the loving and servicing is so one-sided, I'd read a sweet Julie Garwood romance over this potboiler.I think romance novelists assume if you give perfectly handsome heroes enough of a lascivious past with a myriad of nameless, faceless and meaningless pretty women, he'll grow tired of beauty. That a plump, ordinary-looking heroine will instantly inflame his attraction based on her "boldness, imagination and wit." Jack notes from his perspective, "her features were pleasant, if not...beautiful." The guy admires wit, cunning, eyes, hair and soft skin -- very deep guy here. I'll never understand the perfect-guy-instantly-attracted-to-the-average-looking-heroine ruse anyway when I know ladies' men prefer women who they find beautiful no matter how many women they've had. Our hero Jack pines for her from the get-go: "he wanted to kiss her... he wanted to charm her..." Best of all from the girl's point-of-view, he wanted to know her. At another point in the novel, Jack appreciates how much Amanda eats in public. Apparently, this makes her more "real" and "authentic," and all the pretty ladies he's known are summarily condemned as shallow.The heroine of course fosters no such deep motives for her attraction. Tall, handsome, muscular, thick black hair, blue eyes... in a word, perfectly attractive to anyone with eyes. On the other hand, you need to look long and hard to notice our plump spinster Amanda's attractive features, something only apparently possible by mature, experienced heroes. I had to laugh when Jack thinks to himself at one point, "He liked being able to fluster her, something he guessed that few men were able to do." Uhm no, one muscular cartoon pimp is as good as any other judging by the origins of Amanda's attraction! Here, we again have a case of the pot calling the kettle black. A fat, rich man (Kerwin Stephenson) disgusts our plump Amanda after Amanda and Jack break up. Portliness is viewed as attractive in the women of romance novels yet abhorrent in men. If this is sounding like the worst case of a tritely hokey potboiler, well, then it is. When Amanda draws an average-looking widower's attentions who loves children, she accustoms herself -- or settles -- for a "pleasant and ordinary life." She muses, "Hartley would never sweep her off her feet, but help her to keep them planted firmly on the ground." So let me get this straight. Average, modest men who love children are too dull while fat men too repulsive. Talk about a nauseating indulgence on female-biased appearances. Chick-lit? You bet, 10/10 on the chick-lit meter, and that's not a good thing. This book is completely devoid of any inkling of substance or fresh appeal.
Back in the '90s I bought this album on a trip to the U.K. When I got back to the U.S., I fell in love with the sounds...and slowly started hearing these artists creep onto American radio. Here we have Bjork, Orbital's fantastic Bond-like cover of the theme from The Saint, Prodigy at the point of their career breakout. We get Lamb, Underworld, 808 State, Sneaker Pimps. These songs are great because unlike some collections that remix three minutes of great sound out to seven minutes of monotony, each of these tracks is structured. Each of them has the unique signature sound of the artists who created them--they sound alike in that they are dance-oriented and electronic, and each easily stands on its own.If you look at the rise of electronic music in the '90s, consider this a Hall of Fame of some of the classics.
A while back I gave Crimson Skies 1 star for a simple reason, it was a monster on my system, it took ages to load levels and drop screens became a hard drive grinding trap, I swear it even took nearly 4 minutes just to change options or simply exit the game so why my change of tone? Simply put, RAM is the answer! I have just recently beefed up my Compaq PII, 450 mhz, 32mb ATI Rage 128 Pro system from 128mb SDRam to 256 and it was one of the best investments I've made to date! I am now able to click through Crimson Skies radiant screens with ease, drop down's are painless and the levels load like budda! I'm able to crank the graphics to 11 without so much as a glitch or one missed frame, you'd swear I was running a $10,000 gaming machine, fantastic! With the cost of RAM today (I paid $20 at a leading retailer for 128mb) there's no reason not to take full advantage of the amazing, white knuckle adventures Crimson Skies has to offer and it has many, the stunning visuals, super sound, nutty dialog and rollercoaster game play make this title a winner from start to finish!
This movie makes me laugh with the minions and the evil geniuses having such a big heart. Great for any age if you retain that sense of wonder that is needed in life.
Looks great, fits well.On my 2001 Blazer I needed to trim a plastic support piece behind the radio for it to fit, the support piece (part of the vehicle, not part of this kit) is made of a dense plastic and was originally meant to hold up the back of the OEM radio. I trimmed this plastic support level with the bottom of the opening in this Metra kit so it supports the weight of the aftermarket radio, and glued a little piece of felt to the top of it so the metal chassis of the radio would not squeak as it naturally vibrates a little from driving down the road.The Metra kit works perfectly in this application and was easy to use.
I purchased a gallon of this stuff upon a recommendation from a pet store employee. Sure enough when my puppy had his first accident I ran for the Nature's Miracle.It helped but it didn't solve the problem. In fact, it made the stain yellow and it smelled like a bottle of rubbing alcohol. This happened time and again with future stains.Out of frustration I went back to the pet store and purchaed their second best seller, Simple Solution. That actually worked and it even removed the yellowing that Nature's Miracle caused.The Simple Solution was less expensive, smelled better and most importantly it worked! Nature's Miracle doesn't live up to its name.
This is an OUTSTANDING resource for anyone doing Welsh research! It provides excellent background information on surname derivation, frequency, and geographic dispersal. Be sure to utilize their family origins prediction service described in the book which uses surname frequency to narrow your search. Required reading for researching in Wales.
I am just listening to it now, and it is understandable why Number of the Beast is such a great album.1981 was a interesting year for Maiden, at the end of the Killers tour singer Paul Di'Anno (a great vocalist in his own right) was kicked out of the group for his partying ways. After a few tryouts they ended up with Samson's Bruce Bruce (Dickinson) bringing us to the line up of Steve Harris (Bass), Dave Murray (guitar), Adrian Smith (guitar), Clive Burr (drums) and Dickinson.Now, I don't want to get into the debate over who's better, Di'Anno or Dickinson, but listening to this it's hard to imagine the short haired punk fan singing some of the notes in 22 Acacia Avenue or the title track. So anyway, to the album.the first thing that grabs you is the artwork, the classic Eddie-Devil-Eddie puppetry. Now, being from a christian family and being christian myself, this album didn't go down too well (i can still remember my mother's face when she first saw it). But, having listened to the interviews it is obvious that Steve Harris and the boys aren't Satanists (at least, i HOPE they aren't). Then, once you get over that you sit down and put it in your CD player.Invaders: The sequel to the B Side Invasion (an interesting song, as it is with the Harris, Murray, Di'anno and Doug Sampson line up), it has an intro that will sound familiar to Metallica fans (Whiplash), and is a solid song.Children of the Damned: WOW, what a song. the drumming by Clive Burr really stands out as well as some classic guitar work. (An interesting note, you can also sing the chorus as Silence of the Lambs!)The Prisoner: With the classic cry of "i'm not a number" and drum intro, it's hard not to like this song, with it's catchiness and the pre solo ("which sounds a bit like Thunderstruck")really shows how far Maiden had come in the two years since their first album22 Acacia Avenue: NOT A FEMINIST SONG! If your listening to the album with yourt mother/sister/girlfriend skip this track! the sequel to the clasic Charlotte the Harlot this song easily outstrips the original in music terms, lyrically though... the original all the wayThe Number of the Beast: the title track and one that inspired a lot of panic and hubub in the US is a fair effort, released as a single and reaching the top 20, it showed that the good British public didn't mind the Satanic connectionRun to the Hills: The first single of the album and the first song i ever heard. This song converted me to a Metalhead and deserves every bit of praise it receives. Even my parents can listen to it without gnashing their teeth.Gangland: the first song (apart from Charlotte) to not have Steve's name in the writing credit (written by Adrian and Clive), this song has a sort of jazzy vibe to it, though it just sounds great!Total Eclipse: the B side to Run to the Hills, this song is a blend of hard rock and bitter-sweet ballard, the only (very possiblly) weak point on the albumHallowed be thy Name: This is it! you've sat through the entire album and you get rewarded for this classic. Released as a single from the 1992 Donington performance (Nicko's a great drummer, but he lack's Clive's speed and power, you'll see what i mean). The last hour of a condemned man, it drips with guitar work and drums, well worth the wait.So, Number of the beast was Maiden's most controversial album... but would prove to be the most successful yet! Should you buy it? Hell YES (no pun intended)
I have always loved Art, though my favorite will always be the Italian Renaissance, the Impressionist period comes a close second. Ross King has the gift of writing history for the everyman. His prose is absorbing and just hard to ignore. Academics may argue some points in this book, but what remains to be true is that King make history come alive for the everyman, the reader just gets focused on the comparison of how Manet and Meissonier's lives and art unfold in the 19th century. Meissonier a realist classical painter was the most popular artist of his time, but his artwork did not evoke any new feelings, which is why he is hardly remembered other than by academics. Manet, was reviled during his time, but he ushered in a new revolution in art that relied on the viewer's perception of depth, color, light etc. (their impression) and leaves lasting legacy that is still prevalent today. It really was a reversal of fortune. I look forward to Ross King's next work since he will tackling Machiavelli.
I bought the title based on the Amazon reviews - but now I wonder if Amazon reviews are written by industry flacks or consumers who actually watched the film and lived through the period - Five stars is ridiculous for a B-movie that cannot decide whether it means to be a comedy or a tragedy - by straddling the line it manages to be neither. Worse, it is full of plot and character cliches derived from old westerns - the actors (apart from Lancaster and Wasson) flounder about without help of direction. The film is an expression of such cynical fatalism that it is painful to see it performed so uncompellingly. Admittedly the tone fits with the mood of the nation when the film was made - immediately after the 1975 US defeat - shame and disgust at the moral bankruptcy of a supine electorate indulgent of a monumental waste of treasure and blood by its hubristic leadership (Richard Nixon) - but this fact cheapens the film because it was decidely not made when it might have made a difference - before the defeat - to counter the jingo-ism of 'Green Berets' and the daily television propaganda of 'body counts.' It is not true to the period it purports to depict -- one of optimistic idealism at what America could do to defeat the march of communism toward the oil-rich Indonesian archipelago. The minimal production values are evident from the first cliched tap of snare drum and the whine of a deuce and a half truck - the landscape is utterly unconvincing - there isn't a tropical plant to be seen. The film is no way comparable to the great post-Vietman War films that were soon to follow: 'Apocalypse Now,' 'Taxidriver,' 'Platoon,' 'Born in the USA,' and finally the devastating 'Full Metal Jacket.' The production exactly resembles the television program MASH that became a hit AFTER the defeat and appears to have employed the same southern California back lot - nothing feels right for Vietnam - military protocols are wrong (corporals call sergeants 'Sir') suggesting that financing was so tight that the production lacked a military advisor - or else they were so anti-military that they didn't care to have one. The cliched approach to the enemy 'other' is as simplistic and predictable as an old western - Vietnamese soldiers and peasants are never heard to speak their own language properly - mime suffices except when a formal translation is depicted - the culture of the locals is non-existent - villagers are shown as a mute clutch of extras who are later proven without apparent exception to be as treacherous as Hollywood Apaches - the writing and direction are so lax that the film trudges sluggishly toward the climax with actors pretending to be soldiers standing around without any suitable business to do to avoid looking utterly awkward -- the VC enemy behave like cliched Indians suicidally charging the circled wagons - cheapening the drama of the climactic attack -- the impression is of a bad comedy with the American advisors shown as pathetic misfits more suitable for an adult 'Sergeant Bilko' -- a druggie medic named Abraham Lincoln, a burned out alcoholic sergeant who commits suicide just before the climax, a comically wan naif (Wasson), an absurd psych warfare officer (who resembles Phil Silvers), a deluded dysentery-ridden lieutenant who is perpetually running to the honey bucket, a corrupt SVA general with a patently fake French accent and a ridiculous moustache, a passed over US Army major (Lancaster) who limps about on a bum knee (why is never explained), a vicious SVA non-com, etc. Nobody wears a GI haircut - no one carries a backpack or an ammo satchel or lifts a canteen to his lips unless it's filled with bourbon - a tiny Bell chopper carries a pallet of supplies to the fortified post, etc. etc. What little military flavor exists derives entirely from the salty language of the major (Lancaster) and his obscene story -- practically no one else save for the sergeant in heard to speak a four letter word. As one would expect from the title everyone dies in the end save for the Ishmael figure (Wasson) -- the overall tone is fatalistic and defeatist which is in keeping with the moral exhaustion felt at the time of defeat ten years after the period depicted in the film. The sense of cynicism and defeat evident in the film's premise (i.e. - final defeat could have been predicted from the beginning) wouldn't be so bad except that history supports the view that the early US advisors were gung-ho and largely first-rate (see the film 'Best and the Brightest'). Ultimately 'Go Tell the Spartans' is more interesting as a piece of post-Vietnam sociology than as entertainment, tragedy, or history. One star is to help right the imbalance of the vastly overrated five stars given by blind and empty-headed viewers.and
I have only rented the game, but even that left a bad taste in my mouth! The $5.00 I used for renting this pile could have been spent much better. The game looks GREAT, problem is it plays like a drunk nurf hearder. The flying missions are ok, but the controls need a little work. The foot and speeder missions suck all the bantha doo doo in the galaxy as far as I am concerned. Factor 5 really dropped the ball on this one.
It pains me to write this review, since I have been playing Madden since the days of 8-bit consoles and the series' humble beginnings. Madden could always be counted on for 1 thing: innovation without sacrificing the great core gameplay. That's why gimmicky buttons and animations and minigames never really detracted too much from the overall Madden experience: the core game was solid and reliably fun and addictive. No longer. This iteration of Madden is the weakest yet, and truth be told, it is a disgrace to the Xbox 360's capabilities and the Madden name. Try as I might, this game has so many flaws and holes that I just can't recommend it to anybody. The bad has finally come to outweigh the good.The GOOD: Graphics. They are really phenomenal, and the new animations are more fluid and realistic than ever. The player models are well done, and on a HD television, this game is truly the closest we've come to photorealism. The new ability to control other players on offense (such as a lineman, or a blocking fullback) is one of the few cool innovations. I love being able to lead block for my HB (go Tiki Barber!), and it adds some depth to the gameplay. The superstar mode also has something fun about it in an RPG kind of way, but it does wear thin pretty quickly. The new playbook organization is a great help, allowing you to choose a play based on play type, key player, formation.The BAD: Oh boy, where do I start? In no particular order: there is only 1 camera angle. That's it. The new minigames stink up the joint and make the create-a-player feature all but useless. Since your ratings are derived from your performance in 4 silly and difficult minigames, it is nigh impossible to create a playable character. You also can't edit the existing rosters. This means that this game has zero replay value, since you can't manually update the rosters to reflect player improvements, etc. You can't save a game in progress, so be prepared to play through or lose all of your data. The franchise mode is pathetically weak compared to previous years, and you can't adjust anything once the franchise has been started, it's set in stone. The player AI seems to have regressed, especially when you are trying out the new (and fun) lead blocker feature. Running backs will often cut back upfield into a tackle even though you have a perfect block on somebody. Receivers similarly get tangled all the time, and playing defense is a losing proposition. Defensive line players sometimes don't respond right at the snap, and trying to guard somebody manually just has never been feasible. Also, there is no Madden in this game, just some really irritating guy trying to sound like Jim Rome. The game tends to have graphical hiccups during transition scenes, and it takes forever for keypresses to register during menus.The UGLY: The menus and menu interface. Just an unintuitive piece of junk, reflecting a recent trend in bad interface design from EA.The worst part? Because of the EA sports monopoly on NFL licensed football games, we are stuck without a competitor to challenge Madden and really make it work for our money. Shame on you, EA.
I'm not sure what T. Rogers who gave two reviews is talking about. Is he even reviewing THIS book? Anyway, I'll have to agree with one reviewer. No matter how you look at it, this book had $$$$$$ on it. David Donald wrote probably the greatest biography of LINCOLN in the last 40 years. Why something so shallow and pricey as this? As ABBA would say "money, money, money" - David Donald has not only sold the reader short, he has sold his own ability short. Anyone that can produce some of the prior works he has on Lincoln, and then this. Hey, this book isn't that bad as a gift (which it was for me), or something in the $1.00 bargain bin, not a bad deal at all. However, don't spend your hard earned money paying $30 (insane), $10 or even $5 on this book. Its ok, but not over $1 ok. Listen, for five dollars, I'd rather be looking over my five Dollar Lincoln instead of the five dollar Lincoln book. If your ever at a $1 book sale, I recommend! If you get it as a gift read it.
Although I wasn't very keen on the Babies volume of Vogue's Knitting on the Go series, I am very pleased with Socks. Having never made a sock before (albeit a fairly experienced knitter), my first effort -- a &quot;very easy very vogue&quot; selection from this book -- was easy and fast, with quite professional results. The instructions are clear, there are good photos and charts, detailed information about yarn to enable substitutions is provided, and a variety of patterns, sizes, styles and difficulty levels are featured. And the book is portable and sturdy.
Having read all but one of her books this one is one of the better ones. It's very funny and it has a nice pace to it. I love how she has most of the old characters in it and I just think the cover is so pretty. This book holds a nice tale of love and I was very upset when I was done with it.
Author Jeanne Wakatsuki Houston has succeeded in writing a book that is readable and worthwhile for any reader -- I would say ages 12 to adult. I wish I had been assigned this in school, for I did not learn about Japanese internment camps until much later, probably my senior year in high school. I'd be willing to venture that even many high school students don't learn much about this part of American history.The author wisely avoids pathos and melodrama, which allows the situation to speak for itself, standing out in stark relief against the backdrop of a "normal" life outside the camp. She manages to show us the dissolution of a family, the struggle to find and maintain an indentity in an artificially created city, populated by law, not by choice. These are bitter, difficult things and Wakatsuki Houston allows the impact to sneak up on the reader.This is no finger-pointing, harshly worded attempt at implicating the reader and forcing an emotional response. Instead, it is a deeply personal account which leaves one to absorb its impact slowly, wanting to learn more, and wanting to know how we can stop this from happening again. We're on the brink of repeating these past mistakes even now, which makes this book a timely and important read.
Don't expect this film about one night of sexual relationship between a count's daughter and her footman to be a light-hearted French-style romp. It is, instead, a highly depressing film about a deeply self-destructive woman and a ruthless, heartless man. Throughout the film, each relentlessly attempts to dominate and ultimately destroy the other. True, there's some well-worded dialog about class and gender relations, that's highly radical for the 1880s, when I believe the original play was written. The strong overtones of sadism are probably original. Although I suspect the four-letter words and other explicit references were inserted in the modern film script.But the characters-particularly Miss Julie-are so utterly irrational, that I couldn't help spending the film saying "Geez, guys, just quit drinking, get some sleep, and things will look better in the morning." At one point, when Miss Julie proposes a suicide pact, the footman replies, "I'd rather open a hotel."No kidding.
This is the best book I have read this year.The insights into the travellers' life in Ireland were fascinating. The emotional side of the story was handled in a very realistic way. Unlike many &quot;love stories&quot; the characters in this book are not all good or all evil - they have faults and flaws which do not magically disappear in order to have a &quot;happy ending&quot;. I look forward eagerly to the next book from this gifted author.
I loved the orignal Star Trek and TNG. Never wanted to see DS9 because the show always looked so dark and bleak. Watched Voyager and Enterprise for the first season only, then lost interest. I liked that they had the season finales of DS9 and Enterprise in this set, as the finales of TNG and Voyager were in the Time Travel Collective. My only complaint was the repeat of the City on the Edge of Forever which was on the Time Travel Collective as well, but I guess they had to put it in again on this set since it was Shatner's favorite and it gave viewers a chance to see him and Joan Collins together again after 40 years.
I love Delerium. I love this CD. But track 9 skips. I returned the CD and recieved a new one, and it still skips. Buy the CD, it's great, just don't get too attatched to track #9. That is the reason this CD hasn't recieved 5 stars. Tracks 1-8 are terrific. (Tracks 1 (Flowers become screens),5 (Consensual worlds) and 8(Sensorium) being my favorite. Delerium's music is soothing and fun to listen to. I love to listen to it as I fall asleep and when i'm in the car.(Also, everywhere else!)Buy this album if you like Delerium or enchanting music!
I bought this for my wife's car, she is very very happy with it. No issues, sounds good, works fine, the price was right.
I cant say I know the times I saw this movie standing there on the Blockbuster stand... but believe me when I say there were a lot. What do we know about Mozart? Well, almost any human being can tell he was a great composer, but I bet you couldn't say at least 3 songs or operas made by him...Finally a few days ago I decided to give it a chance, well I must say that I have been missing a masterpiece for quite a long time.The music, the actors... everything is just perfect. Tom Dulce makes a perfect interpretation of Mozart, hi laugh is just so original and so unique... showing his unique personality and the fact that as almost any genius of our history, Mozart raised some enemies and was not understood by his peers.I really liked this movie, and if you haven't seen it, you should, I know it lasts 3 hours but they are worthy. You won't find too many notes on this movie...If you have seen it, then buy it and see it as many times as you want...Maybe, as happen to me, you will end up wanting to know more about Mozart, because I even got some cds and a biography to read...
I had planned to purchase this book, but after seeing the warning about the fake reviews, I did a little more research. All but one of the 5 star reviews seem to be by people who only read Brad Sugar's books. With only one valid good review, I'll try one of the other books.I will not buy books from companies that feels the need to pack positive reviews on Amazon. If the book is good, it will get good reviews. I don't want companies to come here and lie to me, it doesn't make me confident about your product.
This is a vivid story of a young girl's struggle with life. Her life, as dealt a bad poker hand, is not easy.Bone (a childhood nickname) is the narrator of the book and one of the aspects that makes this story so special. To explore the mind of a child who endures so much... physical, emotional and sexual abuse... brings to an adult's eyes sensitivity that is a necesssity in dealing with children. Reading this book makes me love my daughter even more. This book made me feel grateful that my daughter is protected and loved.It is a rich and searing novel. The Boatwright family; a large, southern clan with more sisters than I could keep track of and more brothers who were boozing, gun slinging heathens who guarded their clan like a junkyard dog would of it's trashy territory, kept me going whilst taking in the main theme. The central story was of Bone who is the illegitimate daughter of the youngest Boatwright daughter, and who is vicitmized my her disturbed, immature, sick step-father, "Daddy" Glenn. Bone's mother watches with closed eyes unwilling to accept what is happening to her daughter.I haven't read a novel in a long time in which the last 10 pages kept my heart thumping and hurting.
I highly recommend these dvds. There are others that have done a great job of describing the stories, the actors so I'll refer you to the other 5 star reviews.
Take it from one who was actually present in NYC and hanging out with all the originators of this groundbreaking American musical that this is a very honest and accurate behind the scenes exploration of the creative process that went into such a universally appealing show. The film is well worth the viewing for anyone interested in the complexity of the collaborative nature of musical theatre and how, like any other enlightening experience, one often gains the deepest insights about the human conidtion from stories devised from peoples' real lives. Like the show, this film is bound to touch the hearts of any audience interested in the secrets behind the footlights.
This was for an inmate. I'm not sure if he ever read it or not I keep forgetting to ask. Anything written by Nicolas Sparks is GREAT!
These are incredible - they last FOREVER. They are soft and wonderfully breathable. one pair usually lasts a year. towards the end of the winter/spring I check the heels - the ones that are showing shoe nubby pulls, I will cut the legs off a little above the knee. I then have a control top that I can use for the summer and have bare, cool legs - this is great - no runs, no frays, no roll up. Did I say amazing. For care - throw them in the washing machine, gentle cycle, then to the dryer or air dry - even the half legs pairs. life is so much simplier. Sometimes I like a more sheer hose but that was mostly in the summer and now with the half leg hose - good to go!!!
This is a short, sweet, sensational book that should appeal not only to fans of Harry Potter but also lovers of classical fairytales. Wonderfully written and fast paced, it is both witty and wickedly funny. Almost more like a series of short stories than a novel, each chapter sees the hero of the story, a young wizard, embarking on a new adventure--or misadventure.This is an easy read for the 8 to 12 year old market, and should tempt even the most reluctant of young readers, but in my view it will also definitely appeal to any older teens and adults looking for a good read as well.
This was a decent video. None of the spinning videos really measure up to my expectations but I do like the fact that this can be done with or with out a lot of talking.Definitely a good workout.
Honestly, I thought this would be a fun documentary that even my young daughter could watch. Wrong! This documentary follows 4 Scrabble players around in their quest to be the best at Scrabble. It should have been an interesting movie, but instead because one of the men chosen was a fount of never ending profanity, it wasn't watchable. Don't get me wrong, there were plenty of others using some "unbleeped" profanity as well, but this man was the worst offender. I find it ironic that this man who is evidently articulate and quite intelligent in his Scrabble playing could not seem to find any better words to use than those found on the list of those 10 words you cannot say on television. Too bad he could and did say them repeatedly in this documentary.
Hype, oh yeah!Left wing nut case...maybe.But after watching this film the one thing that pervades is that there are a bunch of powerful people sending a bunch of lower class (statistically speaking) people to war.People have said to me its a funny, informative, indictment of a film, I did notperceive it that way at all!The times I was maipulated to laugh leftist like, I was stone faced and agog.Being manipulated by Michael Moore is not a fun experience at all. And yes this is manipulation on a biblical scale!I felt such remorse and contempt for the idiot neo-Con artists that fomented this war.I commend Michael Moore for being the pit bull he is for getting this film out and into the theaters. Showing us the war that the media has been fearful to show us. I Still think it was more of a diversion than a war.I dont agree with many of the conclusions that Michael Moore implies.The world is safer without Sadam.But what has the US created by removing the controling element from a region rife with ethnic hostility and religious ferver.Iraq has evolved into a "I hate the US" recruitement film. Yeah, you deluded repubs feels safer....idiots!Informative, but bring your reality goggles with you. Moore points out some of the scummy elements that this war has somehow buried.Haliburton.Cheney.Oil.Not voting Repub alias Neo-Con-artist this year.
Just received this book last night and I'm almost done with it. I love this book because it did something I have not been able to do my entire life and that is to simplify the components of love. Once I read that it was like a light went on in my head. It really was amazing because at that point I didn't feel so helpless. I wasn't even emotional about the relationship anymore because the game plan was concrete. Then I started thinking about all of my other relationships that fell apart and I could reduce them to the missing component. Had friendship, respect but no passion or I had passion and friendship but no respect. This book allows me to focus on the missing component. Absolutely brilliant!! Simple but brilliant. Not only does it allow me to focus on the missing component but it gives me a strategy to cultivate the missing component. I've been going about this all wrong. I did read, Why Men Marry Bitches (because I'm usually such a pushover) in trying to avoid that, I've become a steam roller. There is a happy medium and a balance once you realize all 3 components must be present. I agree with the philosophy because I have no problem with friendship and passion but respect is a tough one for me because I'm a very nurturing and giving person. A lot of men mistake kindness for weakness. This book helps you to understand that you need to stand your ground and hold true to your identity to gain respect because love doesn't work without mutual respect.
Terrific book.Anyone who has traveled or has desire to should appreciate this book. Told (mostly) from a first person point of view, about two friends who travel east to "random" countries and give away money. Of course, details of the purpose of the trip and the money donating unfolds as you read on.The only draw back for me is about 2/3 or so into the book the writing shifts from one character to the other, which for me destroyed the pacing. I found the second's character's writing to be boring and uninteresting... but there isn't too much of it until we go back to the main character. I assume the intention was to shed a different light on the events and act as a sort of expository card to "clue us in" onto things and reveal facts otherwise unknown. Still, I feel that it could have done just as well without.Overall a great page-turner. I found myself reading in huge chunks and not wanting to put the book down. A fairly easy read and profanity aside, should cater to most age levels.Go Dave!!!
I bought this doll for my Goddaughter and then my niece! Both of them loved her and carry her around daily!Great gift.
I agree with some of the other reviews on here, if you like JKX, you may or may not like this DVD. It does seem like he struggles at different times throughout the show. It's extremely raunchy - like jokes about 5-year-olds masturbating?!? It's stupid at times. It does have a really high production value though.Some of the extras on the DVD are "jokes that weren't funny enough" which is a set of jokes they edited out of the main show because they were worse than the already "average" jokes that made it into the show. Then there's another "bonus feature" where he re-uses a joke that his opener uses, thus totally embarrassing himself. So the "extra features" are actually very dissappointing.Overall this is incredibly average and Jamie is just simply better at the Jamie Kennedy Experiment. I recommend any of the three seasons if you truely want to see Jamie at his finest.
In my mind, Jodorowsky is one of those things or people that we're told to like but it's hard to understand why and we know it's not because it's too complicated and we need time to figure it out. I went through a Jodorowsky collecting phase after reading The Incal and bought Technopriests, Metabarons, Screaming Planet, and Son of the Gun. I think I liked Screaming Planet the best and Techopriests the least. Metabarons was OK and Son of the Gun was a bit better but Technopriests was very disappointing.Technopriests is all over the place with a barely coherent story. It's mostly just space opera scene after space opera scene without much plot connecting the scenes. A whole lot of pseudo computer stuff mixed with Jodorowsky's surreal sci-fi vision. Sometimes his vision works ok but here it's just a mess. Also, I was probably let down after reading so much Jodorowsky and not really understanding why he's so hyped. The Incal was good enough but not nearly as well made as many, many other FrancoBelgian comics I've read. Maybe it was groundbreaking when it first came out but now it's just sort of "passable." Jodorowsky and his "vision" (including El Topo) seems to me to be a typical European decadent/excessive/provocative art that doesn't actually measure up to its ambitions in the way that a lot of European art does, particularly comicbook art (Manara, Pratt, Yslaire, Moebius in other works, Bilal, etc.). Maybe he gets too much latitude because of El Topo and how important it was in the whole start of the indie/Midnight Movie thing. But is El Topo even all that great or was it just a novelty at the time?So, bottom line, keep your expectations low when buying Jodorowsky or you'll end up feeling swindled by all the hype around his name. Some of it is not bad but overall if you want coherent or intelligent sci-fi you should look elsewhere. The art in Technopriests and other Jodorowsky-authored works is pretty good but Jodorowsky wrote this stuff. He didn't draw it. And what you get here is pretty much standard FrancoBelgian sci-fi/fantasy drawings which are usually high quality but somewhat sterile. Again, see Manara or Yslaire for more interesting art. Incidentally, Jodorowsky worked with Manara on a comic on the Borgia family and it is pretty good. But then, it seems more Manara (very, very well drawn but really pervy) than Jodorowsky (sometimes loses control of its imagination at the expense of the plot).
Andy Williams, Elvis Presley, and Sam Cooke had the very best voices that I have ever heard within popular music and all three recorded music in roughly the same time period. And yet, for some reason, the many songs of both Sam Cooke and Elvis Presley have had a greater staying power in today's popular culture than do the many songs of Andy Williams. One might say that this difference in staying power is because only Andy Williams was strictly known as a "crooner." However, Elvis Presley and Sam Cooke also sang many ballads and popular standards, as well as their more upbeat rock, rhythm and blues, and soul music. Thus it is probably something about Andy Williams' songs and their arrangements that cause us to sometimes only vaguely remember Andy Williams' many beautiful songs. Perhaps most of Andy Williams' famous songs and their arrangements were just too romantic and just too lavishly produced to remain still highly praiseworthy in today's more rational, results-driven culture. So let us all listen to Andy Williams sing only one type of popular music, traditional Christmas standards. Traditional Christmas standards are always popular and never go out of style, in contrast with highly romantic and lavishly produced songs which are less praised today than they were in the past. WILL PEOPLE TODAY, INCLUDING MYSELF, BETTER RECOGNIZE THE SUPREME VOCAL TALENT OF ANDY WILLIAMS AFTER FIRST LISTENING TO ANDY WILLIAMS SING TRADITIONAL CHRISTMAS STANDARDS? The information used to answer this question will include both other amazon reviewers' ratings of the Andy Williams Christmas Album cd and my own conclusions about Andy William's vocal talents after carefully listening to this cd. I will also compare Andy Williams' voice to Elvis Presley's voice while they are both singing traditional Christmas standards. Sam Cooke never created a Christmas album. After first reading the 56 other reviews of Andy Williams' Christmas Album, I found six reviewers (11 percent) who stated that Andy Williams was one of the best singers of all-time and sixteen reviewers (29 percent) who said that Andy Williams' Christmas Album was one of the best Christmas cds of all-time. One reviewer commented that "Andy's voice is incomparable." Another reviewer stated that Andy Williams' Christmas Album cd is "perhaps the greatest compilation of music ever to grace the human ear." Forty seven of the fifty six other reviewers (84 percent) gave the Andy Williams' Christmas Album cd a five-star rating. Overall, these results about other reviewer's ratings provide substantial positive support for both the superb quality of Andy William's voice and the outstanding quality of the traditional Christmas music sung by Andy Williams on the Andy Williams' Christmas Album cd. EIGHTY-FOUR PERCENT OF THE REVIEWERS WERE MOST HIGHLY IMPRESSED WITH THE VOCAL TALENT OF ANDY WILLIAMS AFTER LISTENING TO HIM SING TRADITIONAL CHRISTMAS STANDARDS. Next, I will turn to my own impressions about Andy Williams' voice after first listening to the Andy Williams' Christmas Album cd. When I listened to Christmas Album, the supreme beauty of Andy Williams' superb voice was truly inspiring. Andy Williams' Christmas Album is certainly THE MOST BEAUTIFUL CHRISTMAS CD that I own! Anyone who ever listens to Andy Williams sing White Christmas, The First Noel, O Holy Night, Sweet Little Jesus Boy, and Silent Night, Holy Night will have to testify to the extremely superb beauty of Andy Williams' voice. Andy Williams' greatest musical achievement was to record Christmas Album! Few of the songs on other Andy Williams' cds that I own are sung as beautifully, or are as enthralling to listen to, as are the traditional Christmas songs that are sung on Andy Williams' Christmas Album cd. The remastered sound quality of this cd is also excellent. I highly treasure Christmas Album, and I will play it with great joy at every Christmas season. Andy Williams' Christmas Album has my highest positive recommendation, this is a MUST BUY cd! AFTER HEARING ANDY WILLIAMS SING TRADITIONAL CHRISTMAS STANDARDS, I AM MORE CONVINCED THAN EVER BEFORE THAT ANDY WILLIAMS HAD ONE OF THE MOST SUPERB VOICES IN POPULAR MUSIC! To offer one additional check upon my praise-filled conclusions about Andy Williams' voice, I also compared his voice on Christmas Album to the voice of Elvis Presley as he sang traditional Christmas songs on the remastered If Every Day Was Like Christmas cd, a collection of all of Elvis' Christmas recordings. Elvis Presley was a master of rhythm and blues music, and many of the "Christmas songs" that he made famous are in fact rhythm and blues songs. So let us standardize the comparison by comparing only the seven traditional Christmas songs that Elvis sang to the 12 traditional Christmas songs that Andy Williams sang on Christmas Album. WHEN BOTH ARTISTS SING TRADITIONAL CHRISTMAS STANDARDS, ANDY WILLIAMS' VOICE SOUNDS MUCH FULLER AND MUCH BETTER THAN DOES THE VOICE OF ELVIS PRESLEY. In conclusion, all information contained in this review indicates that Andy Williams had one of the most superb voices in popular music and that Andy Williams' Christmas Album is the most beautiful of Christmas cds.John
Love this coupled with the lotion and perfume, but the shower gel scent is strong enough to leave a lasting scent even without the layering.
I loved the movie and gave it a four stars! i also did love the ending. like to know how to get that last song alright by oliva d'abo cant find it any were!!!
Comes with absolutely everything you need! The cookbook gives simple directions and advice for spices to use, when to use them, and what to mix each thing with. Really is "so easy"!
"Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow" is the best track on this old school Arista LP. Warwick shines brightly on the obscure track. It alone should have been released as a single for R&B; consumption. But, Clive Davis and co. only wanted big money from Warwick's pop following. Ill promotion bought ill sales results. DW's duet with Luther did generate some charting on R&B; thanks to a video they shot. With exception of "Got A Date", this LP is a "B" overall. It ranks second to "Heartbreaker" for me. I am a diehard Warwick fan with knowledge of all her recorded work."Thank you, very large".
I concur with the initial reviewer. Roman spends enough time so that you have a feel for the openings. An excellent video in comparison with the Polgar videos (which are the only other ones I own).
I am a nurse practitioner, and this book has very dangerous advice! 24 ounces of milk is the MINIMUM for a baby to eat in 24 hours! Do you want the bare minimum for your child? Poor weight gain affects a baby's brain growth; it is called "failure to thrive", and it is very dangerous! Your baby's fastest brain growth is in the first 6 months of life, so why would you want to restrict feedings? Babies NEED the calories for growth- limiting them to 4 feeds in 24 hours will keep most of them from getting the calories that they need.Breastfeeding moms need to feed on demand; usually you need a MINIMUM of 5-7 feeds a day to keep your supply up! My 7 month old still wakes up once a night to feed, but sleeps a total of 12 hours at night, with about 3 hours of napping during the day. She eats a minimum of 5 times in 24 hours. I tried giving her a pacifier a few nights to get her to skip the night feed, but my milk supply dramatically plummeted! My baby was so hungry and I had to start supplementing with formula. And this was at 7 months of age! I'm glad I've always quickly responded to her needs, as she trusts that I will take car eof her.If your baby gets used to not eating, they could just stop gaining weight and letting you know that they are hungry... Babies in orphanages in China are only fed 4 times in 24 hours, so they are very underweight. Plus their orphanages are scarily silent- the babies have learned that crying out will not result in anyone comforting/feeding them.I agree with another reviewer- if you want 12 hours of sleep so badly, why did you have a child then? Raising a baby takes hard work and sacrifice- if you're not willing to do that, get a tubal!
Yes, when you read both Beowulf and EotD you can see the vast similarites. Even the hall of Hurot stays the same basically. Anyway, this book was a great quick read for anyone interested in the Norsemen days of old.
I don't know if they still make this model-- I bought mine in late 2004 and it's never given me any problems. The remote and the on-screen menu are very simple, easy to use, and intuitive.
The Friends of Eddie Coyle is a crime movie classic. Mitchum should have been nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of the all most down for count street hood Eddie Fingers. It has a melancholy hardness that shows the dog eat dog life of Boston gangsters in the early 1970's. I love the cars, the footage of 1973 greater Boston and the hard cold realism of this movie.
What's wrong with me? I love Eudora Welty's short stories. But this novel was exasperating. The story opens at a family reunion in backwoods Mississippi, where the author "overhears" endless conversations about nothing carried on by the Renfros and their kin. For hours, they debate whether the family antihero,, Jack Renfro, will appear at the reunion (after several years in the penitentiary).For 60 pages, I waded through trivial dialogue as family members eagerly awaited Jack's appearance. I gather from other reviewers' comments that the family bad boy did show up eventually, but by that time I'd left the party. I'd closed the book and drifted off to sleep.If you want plot action, this is not the book for you. I'd suggest you pick up Carson McCullers, Flannery O'Connor or even William Faulkner.
Parragon Publishing is a UK-based publishing company that focuses of promotional and packaging services. In the US, I have encountered their book exclusively as Sam's Clum and Half-Price Books, ranging between $10 and $15 for full-color, slick-paper hardbacks. Knowing this, you'd likely be very suspicious of the product...but it's suprisingly good!The format of the "Question and Answers" series is usually a blatant copy of the publication styles of Usborne and DK. White background, full-color illustration, and little miniblurbs of information dominate some titles, while others (like Mighty Machines) have more colorful pages. Mighty Machines is quite large--a generous 8.5x11", as is The USA. Others are smaller. (The Natural World is only 8x6". It is about animals only.)Mighty Machines contains eight chapters:Racing MachinesShips and SubsCarsTrainsMotorbikesTrucks and DuggersAircraftSpacecraftEach contain a lot of historical information (What were clippers?) and record-type information (Who were the first people to fly?) as well as plenty of fun trivia (Who wears a yellow shirt if he's winning?). Sometimes the Q-and-A format is annoyingly forced (Who used fast cars to get away?), but overall, this will be a book that any transportation-crazyed boy will love.I recommend all the titles in the series. Some have a few obvious errors, but the overall quality is very high, the illustrations are good, the interest level is excellent, and th prices can't be beat.
Director Rob Zombie breathed new life into the horror genre with House of 1000 Corpses. He gives us another taste of horror brilliance with its sequel, The Devil's Rejects. The DVD is packed with special features, but there's no cute character hosted menus this time. Among the special features are a tear-jerking tribute to the now deceased Matthew McGrory, and the entire episode of The Morris Green Show that was on the TV in the motel. And I must say, the image of Captain Spaulding that appears onscreen (after pressing `Play Movie' on the DVD menu) is AWESOME. When accompanied by the chilling sound effects, Spaulding's image looks frightening.This film begins six months after the events depicted in House of 1000 Corpses. The opening scene of The Devil's Rejects greets us with the sight of a young woman who appears to have been sexually assaulted and brutally slain. The corpse is being dragged by a towering man wearing a supercool mask that looks like a burlap sack (with eyeholes of course). The mere imagery of this scene is disturbing enough, but the chilling background music makes it especially unsettling. Anyone familiar with the first movie will know straightaway that the man is Tiny, even before we get a glimpse of his face. It's obvious Tiny's troubled by the sight of a long column of police vehicles heading for the family farm. The rest of the murderous family (except Rufus) are asleep at the farmhouse, and it becomes obvious to viewers that Otis has a penchant for necrophilia. We are then introduced to Sheriff Wydell (William Forsythe) the leader of this "search and destroy mission". He's eager to wipe out the Firefly family, for reasons later revealed in the film. The family refuse to surrender, and they don steel masks before opening fire. An AWESOME gun battle ensues, which puts most action movies to shame. The part where Otis rises up from behind a table wearing his steel skull mask (in slow-motion with the awesome background music blaring) is some of the coolest imagery I've ever seen in any movie. And the sight of the wounded cop using one hand to spray Rufus with an M-16 is almost as cool. But even all that body armor can't save Rufus. Then Mother Firefly is apprehended, Baby and Otis escape, and the movie is just getting started! (All that excitement took place in the first ten minutes!)Unsurprisingly, there's lots of cool death scenes. But this sequel has very little in common with its predecessor. The violence is more graphic, there's even more splatter, and there's a much more serious undertone in The Devil's Rejects. But there's still some humorous moments - I especially enjoyed the part where Spaulding leaves a little boy in tears, and the part when Otis refuses to stop for ice cream. Throughout the film, we follow the remaining Fireflys on the run. As the saying goes, desperate people do desperate things. But Otis and Baby also do incredibly perverse things, especially at the motel. Needless to say, it's the end of the line for the Banjo and Sullivan road show.This movie is better made than House of 1000 Corpses (better acting, directing, storyline, and so on), but I found The Devil's Rejects less enjoyable. This movie tries a clever trick on its viewers - to get us to root for the Fireflys. I admire the way Rob Zombie tries to achieve this, which reminded me of A Clockwork Orange. But my complaint is that I was ALREADY rooting for the Fireflys. Then after they arrived at the brothel (which by now most viewers would be rooting for the Fireflys) I found myself rooting for Wydell! Wydell makes a great antihero for the first hour or so of the film, and he's just as entertaining when he stops being the good guy and becomes another of this film's villains. The Fireflys remain villains throughout the entire film, but after Wydell goes bad, there's no good guys left in the movie. The Fireflys don't even seem evil towards the end of the movie, they seem more like antiheroes along the lines of Bonnie and Clyde. But the Fireflys leave such a powerful impression on viewers when they're butchering people, that the movie lost a lot of steam when Rob Zombie tried to portray them as antiheroes. But I'll give him credit for showing us the human side of the Fireflys. So anyway, the last half hour is a lot less enjoyable, bit it's still cool.Another cool scene is when Wydell and the two bounty hunters (played by Danny Trejo and Dallas Page) attack the Fireflys at Charlie's brothel. Spaulding delivers a memorable quote once he turns around and sees Wydell. If you've ever seen `Diamond' Dallas Page back when he was in the WCW as a pro wrestler, you'd remember that he was one of the biggest dorks in professional wrestling history. But I loved his sinister performance in this movie.I enjoyed the scenes where the Fireflys get what they deserve. But the movie is marred by the final scene on the highway - that's when the film overstays its welcome. That highway scene is touching, but it would've been better if such a poignant moment took place earlier in the film, like before a final showdown between Wydell and the Fireflys. I wish the film ended in a violent bloodbath at the brothel (in which NO ONE would survive) instead of the violent bloodbath that happens later in this movie - but I loved the use of `Freebird' and `Seed of Memory'. Unfortunately, we never get to see Spaulding torturing anyone in House of 1000 Corpses or in this movie. The Spaulding character deserves to have an entire movie made about him, where he'd go on a murderous rampage. He'd need to be in his clown make-up for that entire film! And make sure you buy the AWESOME Original Motion Picture Score!
I bought this little diddy for my parents for Christmas. Part of the reason that I chose this one was the ease in using since my parents are not gadget smart. They have taken some really awesome pictures but the main fault that I see is the digital zoom. Once you pass the little red line that indicates the change from optical zoom to the digital zoom, you end up with really grainy pictures. So don't buy this or any camera for the added digital zoom in my opinion. Although I will say that my parents were unable to really notice the grain difference between the optical and digital zoom until I pointed it out. I have borrowed this camera for a vacation and found that if I didn't go into the digital zoom it worked great.I did hand the camera over to a guy to take a picture of my hubby and I and it turned out really grainy. Since I didn't have time to question the man about his technique, I have no idea what happened. It was an indoor picture and over and over I have heard the theme of bad indoor pictures. When using the flash you have to be just perfectly distanced from the subject or you will be under-lit or over-lit. (Dark and grainy or whitewashed and spooky) I have seen a very slight amount of red eye that most people don't really notice when looking at the pictures but that's just me.I love the fact that the Casio doesn't require hours of lessons to start out using it. Otherwise it would have been a horrible camera for my parents. The black and white photos are really incredible too. I grew up with film that was only color and never got accustom to looking at a subject and determining whether the composition would do well in black and white or not. I believe this camera is a great way to experience the best of both color and black and white. In fact I have had some shots in both and the b/w look the best. Since no camera is perfect for everyone I gave this a 4 out of 5 stars, but it is definitely very close to perfect. Add movies to it and I'm sold...again.
As war films go, this is the best. Thematically, it balances the bureaucracy and the reality of the military, showing the absurdity of it all. I remember when it first came out. &quot;The Colonel Bogey&quot; theme was EVERYWHERE. Everybody was whistling it. But, ironically, I don't think it made it's point to a lot of viewers. The musical theme became an anthem for the militaristic. They may have seen the film, but they didn't see the film. In my top 10. Must see on a clear day.
another fun beat um up fighting game. not quite as good as Final Fight, Batman Returns, Death and Return of Superman or Knights of the Round, but a fun game none the less. game usually costs around 10 dollars worth the purchase.
This Album is truly utter crap. From its repetitious riffs to insanely degrading wailing, this album is set to disappoint any Incubus fan. I myself have been listening to Incubus since S.C.I.E.N.C.E. and can say that this album has lost the Incubus feel. It's almost as though the band went off and recorded all the tracks, Brandon ran off and recorded the vocals and they just mashed them all together without listening to the others' contribution. This leads to a very mismatched sound. While Brandon wails in an unusual fashion (where are those riveting lyrics and harmonies from music past?), the band seems to be moving to its own rhythm. As a big fan of Incubus (I'll continue to like their old stuff even if they continue to release albums such as this), and has thoroughly enjoyed their past live shows, I must say that there is no bigger insult to me than to have the band I love release a CD like this. Utterly disgraceful, guys. Have you forgotten your roots? :( I could not possibly be more sad than right now, writing this review... Listen if you want, you may like it, but don't buy this on a whism expecting Incubus gold. You won't find it here...
I purchased two of these. One for my cousin that just moved to Woodstock, IL where this movie is deeply rooted. I sent it to him so that he could watch it on Groundhog Day! He didn't own it and I thought that was an utter shame. I purchased the second one for me since I only owned it on VHS. It is wonderfully funny and everyone could relate to a horrible day that just doesn't seem to end. Everyone would definitely love this movie. Bill Murray is sarcastic and hilarious! It has great cameos of Chicago comedians and a really good cast of characters. If you don't own it - buy it. If you have never seen it, you really should! You won't regret it, unless you just don't like to laugh.
based on the 3 Dickies albums I've heard, this is their "masterpiece". It has some of the most catchy songs of any album I've ever heard. They're fun, silly and absolutely original...never heard anything like it before. The melodies, arrangements, vocals and lyrics are all very interesting and well crafted (unlike your typical "punk" band).I probably could have done without the hyper-cover of "Nights in White Satin" and wasn't super stoked on "I'm a chollo" or "She loves me...", but the rest of the tunes make up for those by a long shot (no pun intended).
This is one of the best books of the year! Everyone should read this novel. Get taken away with the characters over the span of almost 100 years. This book made me nostaglic for the Pacific Northwest and I've never lived there.
This chair is great and comfortable for baby. I used it at my friend's house and liked it so much that got one. Would definitely recommend!
This is one for the mindless and the thoughtless. The Extremist Left's newest Anti-American propaganda hot off the presses. Get your copy now and help continue your narrow-minded bliss...
This is a really nice bar for massages. The girls at my local Lush store love to push it as a lotion bar in addition to massages. This is not so. It is too oily for lotion purposes.I do love the scent. It is fresh and light. It soothes and relaxes. I do love the way it makes massages feel. This bar even has fun spots to stick your fingers while using it on your partner. You will need a good shower after the massage unless your skin is super dry. Also one thing to note is a little bit goes a long way. Do not use this bar to massage just use it to spread the oil where needed.
Everyone in the office is extremely pleased with these openers. They may not be the fanciest thing around, but the price is right and they do the job they are designed for quite well.
The DVD from Oasis-"Definitely Maybe" is an important product for more reasons than I could list, so I will just write why I am excited about the 2 disc DVD. First there are options for hearing & viewing each song. 1)-You can see/hear the studio version of each tune, 2)-you can see/hear a promotional version of some of the tunes. 3)-You can see/hear a Live version of every tune, 4)- You can see a documentary from the band members of every tune. Last, the music is fun. The tunes make me manic! I can see why Adam Brooks directed a film derived from this album, its freaking happy music that makes me want to live. The documentary options explain the recording process that Oasis used which for a musician as I am, is interesting and educational. I write music and have been releasing my own vinyl albums since 1985 and I became a fan of the Hollywood film "Definitely Maybe" for personal reasons-the story is an exact opposite of how my career & life turned out but no regrets. So if I am writing about another band of songwriters it is special. This is a great album and to have the visual options and the audio options are as remarkable as the music. Craig Barr.
The page format is small (about size of the usual book), but the book is very thick - 288 pages. I think that the format is the main strength and somewhat of a weaknesses.Strengths - nice looking endgame book. A lot of info is squeezed into the book and plenty of diagrams to make your reading somewhat easier. GM McDonald doesn't try to cut corners, he covers all major aspects of endgames, provides some new and recent examples and offers a lot of annotations. Then again, the book can fit in one's pocket.Weaknesses - there is no sign whose move it is in the diagram. So one is out of luck when trying to analyze the position before seeing the authors comments? In my opinion, this is a best way to study and authors/publishers must address it. I imagine, because is small and thick book, binding was a serious challenge task and I don't like the outcome. The book is not a pleasure to open and read! I am always concerned that it may start breaking apart.Overall, I would suggest to experienced players buying this book primarily to use while commuting or during classes or business meetings at the office. The book can easily fit in your pocket. However, personally, I am tearing the book apart before it's binding breaks on its own. This way, I can just carry a few chapters in my pocket at the time and have much more pleasant time turning the pages. Beginners, should study more seriously and always use chessboard. Thus they wouldn't benefit from this book as much as from books by Averbach, Alburt, Muller, Capablanca and Fine.
When it comes to characters in the show "South Park", Butters is hands down one of the best and funniest. This 2-disc collection highlights many of Butters' funniest and most adventurous moments.The episodes are: BUTTERS' VERY OWN EPISODE, PROFESSOR CHAOS, THE SIMPSONS ALREADY DID IT, RAISINS, YOU GOT F'D IN THE A, AWESOM-0, STUPID SPOILED WHORE VIDEO PLAYSET, MARJORINE, CARTMAN SUCKS, THE UNGROUNDABLE, THE COON, BUTTERS' BOTTOM BITCH, and THE TALE OF SCROTIE McBOOGERBALLS (previously unavailable on DVD).All of the episodes have been uncensored and remastered in widescreen, which makes the set worth buying even if you have a lot of these episodes already. In addition, the box set comes with fun extras like: A Butters pimp chain, a canceled check from Paris Hilton, an Inspector Butters badge, a "W.W.B.D." bracelet, and a lost chapter from the book written by Butters, "The Poop That Took a Pee".A must have DVD collection for South Park fans, and a great way for the casual viewer to get to know one of the show's best characters. My only complaint - I wish the episode "Freak Strike" was included. But, I guess you can't pick every episode with Butters in it. Overall, a great purchase. 5 stars.
I have to confess I am only half way through, and it is late at night, but I cannot go to bed without telling **someone** how wonderful this book is. I think it rather like developing a perversion in old age: such a passion is a bit odd, but you no longer care what others think of you, and you're thrilled out of your knickers to have such a new delight so late in life.I'm actually galloping through the book, the sooner to start back at the beginning with some afternoons to myself and a fast connection to the internet, the better to google each and every reference, to look up every unknown word, and to learn more about my old friends Johnson and Tennyson and Homer and Blunden and Duff Cooper (and on and on) plus getting to know a whole host of new friends.Every page holds an outloud laugh, an "I must tell X about this one", an "oh, let me email that to my brother", a new association, and a bit of bitter sweetness. Even if there is nothing on the page bitter sweet, you feel it anyway that these fine men are gone, and never the chance to rub elbows with them. Alas, I am not as clever as they, and cannot find the words to convey all the merry ups and downs the letters take you on.And best of all, I have the full volumes to look forward to and collect.
I bought 3 of these changing pad covers and they have all done the same thing. As soon as you wash them they start to get long strings all over them! I have tried cutting them off, but as soon as you wash it again, you get more. Its really frustrating that they are made of such poor material.
meaningless pointless no good full of cursing music. need i say more? if you wanna hear some great music, listen to evanescences album "fallen." damn, now thats some good music
I gotta concur with those below: this album does NOT dissapoint - it fully lives up to the promise of their first record, which is equally fantastic (and which your girlfreind will also hate). Heavy distorted Sabbath riffs over tight, technical, and occasionally even prog-ish rythyms, though always without polish or posturing - very garage in a distinctly NON chic or trendy way. These guys can PLAY, but they don't showboat either their talent, or their Estrus-label-hipster-credibility. Anguished bluesy vocal hooks are the maraschino atop this rapidly melting sonic sundae (sorry), and make the previously-alluded-to Black Sabbath comparisons inevitable, but one may also find oneself inclined to name-drop such classic heavies as Mudhoney, Fugazi, and Queens of the Stoneage. This is what happens when guitar prodigies go undiscovered and are forced to pump gas for a living, gradually succumbing to the swirling black vaccuum of alchoholic oblivion and occasionally recording albums along the way. A lost cause never sounded so good . . . and I don't think they want rock and roll to save them, but it just might.
Like Jonny Lang & Kenny Wayne Shepherd, Ian Moore pretty much came storming out of the blues starting blocks around the same time, and rocked about as hard. And like Jonny & Kenny, Ian's latest release takes him far, far away from the steamy bar blues of yesteryear's debuts.I was expecting blues, actually hoping for something akin to his first CD, which I really dug.This is NOTHING like that. But what a treat. Hard to pin down, it rarely rocks...hard. It's actually pretty chilled out. I can imagine Ian Moore crafting these marvelous songs as Brian Wilson might have sat and wrote one great song set after another in Beach Boy Brian's Good Vibration salad days. Or comfortably numb Pink Floyd, or spellbinding Audience, or the way Beatesque pop like "She's Leaving Home" type songs would inspire and evolve into a band as poppy as the great Jelly Fish. It's like none of those things and all of them.I don't know, I just think this was an unexpected knock out. I can not stop playing this CD. That hasn't happened to me this year, except with Patty Griffin's dreamy new release (Imposible Dream).This is a very special CD. Not one dud in the bunch and most every song is a revelation.I rarely take the time to confess my love for an artist or album, I have a blues kinship to many of these young cats so I pull for them to do well, but this CD blew me out of the water.I hope it does the same for you. I'm buying another copy of this instant classic for a desert island.
A cute, campy 70s style movie, that was actually a lot better than I thought it would be. Stella Stevens was adorable, and it is so obvious how female actresses now are so prone to plastic surgery...the more natural 70s beauty was, to me, so much more appealing...well that is another story...So this is a cute light Vegas caper, fun to watch on a Saturday afternoon for a light easy escape. Silly fun. OH! it is really nice also to see old school Vegas!
Phillipa Gregory has written another favorite of mine.I was tired of hearing about all the bad in queen Mary, Gregory portrayed her in a more human way.Over all a wonderful novel.
This is by far the greatest Gary Cooper movie and for that matter the greatest movie ever made. The Special Edition DVD is also the greatest of all dvd's on Gary Cooper ever done. This movie is the number 1 dvd selling movie on Amazon for Gary Cooper films, Number one for best selling for Howard Hawks and number 2 for best selling war movies of all time even outselling movies like Flags of our Fathers and Patton. It was at number 2 for best selling Gary Cooper movies ever since it was released but in the last two weeks it has been outselling even High Noon. This will not last for long though as Amazon has raised the price on it from 19.99 to 24.99 giving customers only a 1.99 savings. I guess the powers that be could not stand seeing this movie at the top of all the best seller listings on amazon and decided to boost the price to almost the list price. This is beyond a 5 star movie and certainly a 5 star dvd presentation of the movie. WB deserves a 5 star ranking for giving this movie a 2 disc SE treatment that it deserves.
I received one complimentary can of this drink when signing up for a charity bike ride.11.8 fl oz (350 ml), 120 calories, 10 fat calories, 130 mg sodium, 22g sugars.Like others have described, the water has small pieces of tender coconut floating in it. The drink is delicious, refreshing, and "kind of" filling. Feels much better to drink this than soda.Ingredients: 80% coconut juice, water, sugar, coconut pulp, etc.What I don't understand is why would you add water and sugar to coconut water? One star off for that.I would buy this product, but would hesitate paying more than 75 cents per can. Your price tolerance may be higher, but you won't regret if you tried one can first.
This is a great find, since if you like old-school Rock...or classic Rock...you won't have to be stuck listening to garbage like Mannheim Steamroller all throughout the "yule".Cindi Lauper did a cool X-Mas album as did Leon Redbone.As for terminoligy.I think it's still fine to call a CD an album or even record ... since all a CD is is a format ... but when I say "record" ... I'm thinking ..."this is a record of a recording session" ... and album is fine as well ... since a compilation of songs is an "album" of songs - very similar to a photo album.ciao
UNCLE P IS A GREAT FAMILY MOVIE. I PURCHASED IT BECAUSE MY 3 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER LOVED "ARE WE THERE" AND SHE FELL IN LOVE THIS UNCLE P MOVIE TOO. THIS IS A GOOD MOVIE THAT KIDS AND ADULTS AND WATCH AT THE SAME TIME AND BE ENTERTAINED.
I own all of Cyndi's albums, including this, my favorite, and it continaully astonishes me with repeated listenings. These songs are like sweet memories of what is, what will be and what could have been. As an artist, Cyndi has always succeeded because we love her trademark quirkiness, her strength, and her passion. She has never been so alive as she is on this recording. Track Two, 'I Drove All Night,' is by far her best song yet, a seductive collection of brilliant beats and awe-inspiring vocals. Of course, its closest competition is the superb 'Like a Cat' or the masterful 'My First Night Without You,' but what is most striking about this record is how underappreciated it is. Only 'I Drove All Night' is featured on Cyn's greatest hits record, TWELVE DEADLY CYNS...AND THEN SOME(1995), even though 'My First Night Without You' was also released as a single. Granted, it didn't chart but neither did any of the songs from HAT FULL OF STARS(1993). Whatever the consensus is for this record, purchase Cyn's best-to-date and make it 'A Night to Remember,' indeed.
The Wrath of khan is definetly one of the best Star Trek movies to date. Bringing back Khan and adding several different movie themes was a great idea. The space battle at the end is marvalous not a Star Wars knock off of any kind. The story and action all together make this a great Star Trek movie.
My daughter and I watched this safari episode many times last winter. So when I saw this set for sale, I had to jump on it.The drum has a 'hook' to be able to attach it to Diego's waist. And Diego is a solid figure, not flimsy. The lion's growing mane is easy for my 2 year old to do by herself.All in all, it is a great set of toys that I do not think will be breaking anytime soon. And my daughter will not easily get tired of pretend play with these guys either.
This Concert was recorded shortly after the untimely death of guitar phenom Randy Rhodes. With the rest of "The blizzard of Ozz" Ozzy's band is in prime form. Ozzy hires California guitar ace Brad Gillis " Night Ranger " to fill the huge shoes of Randy Rhodes. Gillis does a very good job of learning and performing this set list of old Sabbath classics. From the first track "Symtom of the Universe" the Ozz-man is hitting every note with great timber and power. Tommy Aldridges powerfull drums w/ Rudy Sarzo "Quiet Riot" rumbling bass the music is very close to the original Sabbath sound. What makes this cd a must have is, the set list including b-sides like Never say die,Snow blind, Symtom of the universe, the Wizard, and classics like Faries wear boots etc. The only downside is the versions of Sabbath bloody sabbath,and Children of the grave,which lack the power of "Iommi/Butlers" true tune the guitar down to achieve the heavy tone. All in all Ozzy sounds great " better than RR tribute" and the mix is nice and hot.
I am getting the job done, but I am also having problems keeping the sand blowing. I am using Black Diamond, but it keeps plugging up. I have a good compressor, but I still have to stop and let it rest now and then.
I bought this as an add-on for my Farber Yosemite stove-top percolator and it was exactly the right thing. It fits perfectly and securely, is much more durable than the original equipment plastic top, and it gives the Farber an attractively enhanced "retro" appearance. Unlike the plastic top, the new glass top is likely to last forever (short of major abuse). Because of the well-designed method of attachment, it's not going to wear out with use and cleaning (as does the plastic top).All sorts of products have all sorts of add-ons, and many of them are of dubious value. This add-on is a wonderful exception, and it isn't even expensive.
5 Divas and as a special guest the singer and songwriter Carole King.My all: The opener is a wonderful ballad by Mariah CareyMake it happen: An older one taken from Mariah's second album &quot;Emotions&quot;. It sounds different and this version is A LOT better than the version on the albumTurn the beat around: As the title says a funky dance song. It's by the latin-Superstar GLoria EstefanHeaven's what I feel: I love this romantic song. Gloria sings it with so much emotionMedley: She sings her greatest dance-hits for instance &quot;1-2-3&quot; and &quot;Conga&quot;Man! I feel like a woman: By Shania Twain. She sounds live much better than on record.You're still the one: Shania's &quot;big ballad&quot;. I love it&quot;Chain of fools: By Aretha Franklin and Mariah Carey This is a gospel-blues-song. I don't like Aretha's music that much but she has a great voice.River deep mountain high: A dance-song by Celine Dion. One of her worst songsThe reason: The power balld. Celine sings it with Carole King who has also written this songMy heart will go on: Is there anybody who doesn't know this? it's still beautifulYo've got a friend: A very famous song sung by Carole King, Celine Dion, GLoria Estefan and Shania TwainA natural woman: And altogether now&quot;gg&quot; This song is by Aretha Franklin. Celine Dion has a nice coverversion on her &quot;Falling into you-Album&quot;Testimony: Aretha sings most of the leadvocals. Again a Gospelsong.
Simply put, Princess Bride is the kind of &quot;children's film&quot; that makes you wish to be young again. A killer cast, great scenery, wonderful plot, spellbinding music - everything combines to make the kind of accomplishment that too few people know about today.No amount of flashy effects and pop songs can make a good children's movie for adults. Only genuine wit, inventiveness, and thought can create a classic. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you . . . a classic.
The Fantastic Four was the flagship of Marvel Comics in the formative period of the early 60s. This was the comic that solidified the Lee/Kirby duo and brought a new, exciting, and interesting face to the format of the comic book. The film, while a good script (with the exception of the handling of Dr. Doom, who is written as a bland generic neurotic, when the character is a Darth Vader prototype) that attends to detail, the film is ruined by poor casting and worse acting. The only good casting is Evans. Okay, Jessica Alba is hot, but she's just not right for the part of Sue Storm. Who the hell is Ionn Gruffudd and why is such a weak actor cast as Reed, the leader of the group who should be presented as a mature male, a father figure for the group. Chiklis hasn't been able to handle a role since The Commish (and that irritating guy from the Long Island Party Seinfeld), and MacMahon has no personna to bring to the role of Doom. The direction is also generic and should have played up the Kirbyesque elements of the comic. In short, this film should only be watched for free, while high, or lobotomized. Preferably a combination of the three. The film is a piece of crap and a poor testament to the importance of the comic book that inspired more than one generation.
The reason Roxy Music imitators fail more often than not is that they treat style as an end unto itself rather than a small but integral part of a greater artistic good. Roxy was SO adept at handling the syntax of glitz and glamour that it all blended into one seamless whole with their music and their stance never felt false or corny. They liked to mix equal shades of campy irony and romantic conviction, and it doesn't hurt that they rocked like possessed lunatics on their first four albums.Stranded, their third album, was the perfect hybrid of early Roxy weirdness and later period elegance. The best track is "Mother of Pearl", which could be the archetypical Roxy song: Phil Manzanera bursts out of the gate with frantic guitar riffing while Ferry warbles and croons like a demented Casanova. After a breakneck solo amidst Ferry's wails of "No, no, no, no, NOOOOOOOOO", the song suddenly (and unexpectedly) collapses into elegiac piano chords and pensive bass lines. Ferry then informs us that "Looking for love in a looking glass world is pretty hard for you", as the song seduces us with a simple, hypnotic chord progression that repeats over and over. A simply brilliant album by a brilliant band.Stand out tracks: "Mother of Pearl" "Street Life" "Amazona".
I bought this book one day at the Cookeville, Tennessee Goodwill store. The cover art was what caught my eye and I flipped through it. It's one of those books that you can't put down if you've ever worked at a restaurant or a grocery store and really wondered where the food comes from and how it gets there.Very interesting history of the t.v. dinner and frozen foods in here (I'm not joking!) If you are easily grossed out this is not for you but this is not a gross out kind of book either. It's very well researched. A whole lot of stuff about McDonald's in here.After reading this book I will never eat one of those cheap cherry pies you see in the grocery stores. I used to love those! I can never eat one again after I found out how they made that artificial cherry flavor smell and taste.I didn't need to eat anymore cheap cherry pies for the rest of my life anyway so I'd like to thank Eric Schlosser for writing Fast Food Nation. I'd also like to ask him to never investigate, report on or write anything about Shoney's Hot Fudge Cake.
My wife and I do a lot of cross country motorcycling and this is a great book for anyone that likes the tastes of roadside America. We have tried several places in the book, from greasy spoons to ice cream and the book was always dead on with its reviews. If you are a fast food chain lover this is not a book for you. If you want down home, local fun stops then this is it. The only reason why I didn't give the book 5 stars is that the book's web site is more up to date and has more content than the book itself. Thus we tend to use the web site more often. See you on the highways and byways!
Bought one great power and time, HOWEVER, case broke the first time it was used and now the chuck is stripped out plus it is pricey compared to other drills for around the home.
I have tons of files with tons of papers in those files due to my fetish with researching any and all kind of subjects. Up until now, I had been stapling or placing clips on the papers to keep certain categories within particular subjects in order. Because of this, I had to continuously un-staple and re-staple sets of papers, in addition to having to deal with paper clips snagging on each other when removing those sets of papers.With these folders, the problem is gone. I had to purchase a two-hole puncher (since re-adjusting 3-hole punchers all the time proved to be tiring), but the savings in time alone makes this product well worth the purchase price. The files are thin (a good thing, in my case)enough to prevent adding too much bulk to my folder, but the tabs are thick enough to handle the constant finger-shuffling when searching through papers. The fasteners are durable to keep all your papers secure in the folder, and there's two fasteners on each side; something that's pointed out in the description, but that I somehow glanced over, so this came as a bonus surprise to me.I'm not a fan of the multi-colors, since the limited amount per color won't allow me to categorize all my subjects with specific colors designated to each subject, but I knew this going in by the pic on the site and not everyone will share my enthusiasm for plain, tan-colored filing folders, so I didn't dock a star for it.All-in-all, this is a great solution to my former filing problem and the price on here (as if it even needs to be said) is unbeatable, and with 50 folders per box (for this listing), I have plenty to organize my papers with. It's serves a niche purpose that I've come to appreciate. Great product. Highly recommended.
I just got this cd, and i enjoy it very much. The vocals may not be the best... but they are good, and unique. This is some great metal, with some awesome guitar riffs. The Theme of the album is norse mythology, which is always good (Unless it's done in a corny way). All fans of power metal, i think you should give this one a listen.
As a student of American history, I have not seen a better book that gives you an overview of American history. No this encyclopedia will not go in-depth on everything you want, but is merely a general look at our nation's history. If you want an in-depth study you do need to look for a book that deals with that issue, but if you want a good general book, this is the one to get. I believe it is a must get for any student of history, especially American history. And if you just like American history as a hobby, this book is still a must get.
I recently purchased a new Toshiba DLP HDTV. The picture right out of the box was fantastic on HD channels, great on digital channels, but only so so on some of the analog channels. I hooked up a splitter to feed part of the cable signal to the cable box and the other part directly to the TV and that helped for the analog channels. Then I read about the Motorola Signal Booster and decided to give it a try. What a difference! Digital channels are near HD quality and SD channels look a lot clearer and the colors are better. It's the best $40 I've ever spent! I was so happy with the booster I purchased another one to use in my computer room. A couple of the lower channels on the TV in there had always been fuzzy...not anymore! Finally something that does what it says it will!
Dont get confused with this and the movie that was in theaters. This was a straight to dvd (or movie on sy fy channel) that is a part of a long string of movies created solely to cash in on a big movie blockbuster. The title might be simular and so does the plot but thats about it. The acting is horrible...they got Kel Mitchel (who you might remember from such shows as "All That", "Kennan and Kel" and the movies "Good Burger" and "Mystery Men") as the lead role of a solder.The movie pretty much combines every single sci fi genre there is. There are aliens, its survival horror, it has time travel, mind control, a lost alien, buildings blowing up, army vs ufo. It has it all and you know what? It fails....big time. I couldnt think of one good thing about the movie.The characters are boring and unbelievable.One specific scene takes a stab at E.T. The army has a captured alien (they had it for years) that loved Recees Pieces. Heck I even expected to be E.T at the rate the movie was going. The plot was slow movie, what was maybe an hour...felt like 2 hours.Bottom line....SKIP!Pros:-Is there anything?Cons:-Acting-It takes every aspect of sci fi movies and mashes them together for one crappy movie-The characters-Kel Mitchel as a solder????
This is not a Jackie Chan movie although he stars in it. It has nudity and a lot of cussing. It is also fake and you can see that the punches are fake. The plot is dumb, although the end sequence was pretty cool. Check out the Jackie Chan version of The Protector but not The USA version.
I'm not a fan of Richard Burton.I'm not a fan of Elizabeth Taylor.I'm not a fan of Sandy Dennis.I'm not a fan of George Segal.I'm not a fan of Edward Albee.I'm not a fan of Mike Nichols.I'm a BIG fan of this film.Perfect performances.Perfect cinematography.Perfect direction.Perfect costume design.The entire film reeks of goodness.The truth. This film is truth in it's purest form.
Better than A, better than War Child and Too Old To Rock, and a host of other Tull albums, this one is the synthy follow-up to A, and largely forgotten in the U.S. completely. It's a beautiful album full of layered, odd, sad and overall TULLISH songs. One of my favorites. It's different from Songs From the Wood and Heavy Horses in the same way that those albums are different than Aqualung, but it's pretty much just as good as everything else Ian Anderson wrote from 71 - 82.Don't be closeminded, this doesn't sound like you're uncle's Locomotive Breath, and if you hate the 80's and you can't stand keyboards, well I suppose that's your loss. This is a great great record, almost no filler.
I wound up writing this review because recently, in a flight of fancy, someone conjectured that perhaps in other parts of the universe silicon forms four bonds, making ring structures - similar to the carbon-based benzene ring that is the basis of all organic materials - possible. My question was whether silicon-based amino-acid analogues would "teach" the silicon in this part of the universe to form the same kind of rings. Carbon-based DNA teaches raw amino acids how to make more DNA, so that begs the question of whether such structures would propagate.Ice-9 does just that.Cat's Cradle isn't quite as absurd as it seems.Ice-9 is a form of ice with a different structure than regular ice. It is frozen solid at room temperature. Further, when it comes into contact with regular water, it causes the water to freeze into more Ice-9. Given that 4/5ths of the earth's surface is covered by ocean, and that our bodies are mostly made of water, you can probably deduce that keeping the Ice-9 in a thermos where it can't come in contact with other water is an important plot element.A seed crystal is often necessary to initiate a phase change or precipitation, so it is conceivable that Ice-9 could initiate a catastrophe. The science fiction part is that we haven't discovered a form of water that is solid at room temperature.Incidentally, there's not much danger from oxygen-breathing silicon creatures because instead of exhaling carbon dioxide they'd exhale glass. They won't be bothering us here on earth when they show up.However, electricity-breathing silicon creatures like the semiconductor nodes that make up the Internet could be a threat. Google's server network has almost - not quite, but almost - reached a level of complexity where consciousness and intention are possible.Some reviewers on amazon.com thought that ice-9 was a metaphor for the atom bomb. Since the possibility of thermonuclear armageddon was so over-arching in real life at the time I first read the book, I didn't place any emtional emphasis on that subtext. I viewed Ice-9 as yet another technology to keep out of the hands of the military-industrial complex.You didn't need to know that Godzilla was a metaphor for the atom bomb and the damaging effects of residual radiation in order to enjoy it. Cat's Cradle was a fun social commentary that didn't benefit at all from atomic metaphor. Ice-9 was merely a plot device, a Deus-Ex-Machina that brought about the natural consequences of great social granfalloons.Bokononism isn't the first religion founded by a science-fiction author, either.Like all of Vonnegut's books, Cat's Cradle looks at society and personalities and relationships with a new, slightly mad perspective. It is hard to walk away from Cat's Cradle without re-evaluating the Granfalloon that is organized religion, or any other carefully-crafted social institutions.
This is the second time I have watched this movie. The first time I watched it I thought it was going to be boring so quit watching after 10-15 minutes. Then I found out Elle Fanning was going to be in it so watched it agsin. Elle Fanning is an amazing child actress who can steal every scene from the leading characters. As it turned out the entire movie was pure genius and I give it 9 stars instead of 5 stars.
I can't believe how many reviewers are trashing this band. Open your ears to GOOD music!
i was not too happy when i listened to this cd at first!, but after a few listenings , its easily my favorite sting album! &quot; i was brought to my senses&quot; captures sting at his best, my gosh what a great song! &quot;valipariso&quot; ( from white squall ) is magnificent and should be heard! No big hits, but who cares! every song except the &quot;french&quot; song are very good to excellent! Please buy this album, it always makes me feel good, while at the same time makes me tear, because of the sheer brilliance of this masterpiece! STINGS BEST
Instead of using this form of expression to do some good, Ingraham decides to attack one of the only Senators who actually is doing some good for this country. I have met Laurah Ingraham, and she is nothimg more than a hollow shell filled with uninformed opinions passed on by conservative Harvard professors.I cannot think of a single justifiable reason as to why she should have been given the chance to become a pundit. This female Rush Limbaugh has no opinions of her own, and I had a chance to argue with her back in 2001, proving my point. She just kept throwing the same arguements about why liberals are "evil" (direct quote), and that she thought that anyone not supporting her views was either undeucated, ignorant, or even worse, undeserving of the right to be called an American citizen (another direct quote).Her suprisingly one-sided views betray an educated exterior (unless you mention her passing illegal information about the Lewinsky investigation to Matt Drudge. Try it for a good laugh), and show just how closed-minded these so-called "pundits" can be. Don't buy this book and give her another excuse to express these horrifically biased lies.
The most impressive thing about this movie is the location work around Sedona, Arizona. Sadly, the poor quality of the print and lackluster DVD transfer do a serious injustice to the photography, and I therefore can't recommend it. Several seconds are missing at a critical moment, and that's distracting too. The story -- which other reviews describe in more detail -- is fairly standard; if you're a fan of westerns, you've seen it many times with many variations: the good guy has to bring a bad guy to trial against overwhelming odds. There are a few good scenes in the first half, and watching John Carradine as an overblown windbag is a pleasure. The other bad guys are one-note cliches, but the biggest problem is the miscasting of the Czech born Miroslava as the female lead. I've never read the original Louis L'Amour story, but it seems pretty clear that she was supposed to be the daughter of the wealthy rancher. However, her accent made that impossible, so she's now his niece. It still isn't believable. McCrea is a bit stiff and 20 years older than she is, so the love story doesn't work very well. It's not a terrible film, and at 65 minutes, it doesn't lag. But your time is better spend watching a great western a second time instead of watching this one at all.
I was very happy with the quality and strength of this chain. It holds a big stone.
My whole family loves these. We snack on them all the time. They are especially great for our toddler. She eats them plain. They are a great size for her to hold. And they are low in sodium. Yum. Yum.
Cheap made in China JUNK! Buy USA. This broke 2 days after I got it. JUNK JUNK JUNK JNUK JUNK!
If you listen to the music for the movie it sounds like a grand adventure is taking place and then it all ends on a crash of sour notes. What do I mean? Well, they embark on the grand adventure of being the first ones to take ship for the moon--and wind up on mars. On their way back they crash...just like the music. I liked it. It shows just how serious people took the possibilitly of space flight back in the early fiftys.PROS:1. None of the attempted indept characterization you usually get in todays movies where you have fifty main characters and only two hours to tell each ones' story--they use that for filler today, somebody told thosehacks in Hollywood it was good writing. No, 77 minutes of short, sweat, and to the point. They do use characterization but they don't use it as filler.2. An interesting idea and the actors are acting.3. The required meteor swarm--all science fiction movies seem to have them. I seem to remember they put them in because they really didn't know what else bad could happen to you up there. (Just remember, I didn't say Heinlein wrote this.)4. Through a twist or two of fate they wind up making a landing on Mars. By the way, its starts raining when they stop. I think someone should have muttered '...ionizing the atmosphere as we came down....' might have passed the pop science of the day.5. Another interesting thing was they discovered life on Mars and it had been destroyed by atomic wars. The question was if a big meteor had smashed them...no everything is being radiated so it was war destroyed them.six. They find the destroyed remains of a civilization. Interesting in that they pick up a few objects and look at them. What were they...who knows? You remember the time machine with Rod Taylor and how the spinning rings were a big interesting thing and help make the movie because they told of how it all happened. Well, the artifacts are that kind of 'interesting'. Too bad there were not more. I figured that first one they uncovered was a tomb stone.7. They find the remainder of the humanoid-like people of Mars. The one who threw the ax and killed the scientiest appeared to still have blisters on his back and the girls is blind. Obviously the dying remainder of the thousand year dead civilization still live close to their nuclear blasted cities. I've got to tell you all, this is actually original stuff for hollywood. Despite having rain, dry gulches that must sometimes have water, human like people, no space suits and a space ship capable of reaching Mars -- using chemical rockets-- but less than a hundred feet tall...it is still interesting. I guess it's that short, sweat, and to the point thing.I don't think I'll tell you any more and ruin it for you.CONS:1. Humm. I don't find movies that are dead serious cheezy or campy...this movie is 'dead serious'.Therefore, I give this movie five stars because they tried hard to make it a serious movie with limited facts about the surface of Mars. The actors did a fine job, the idea is fine and interesting and carried out seriously. No, I don't think more money would have helped. No, they need more information about space, acceleration, and the surface of Mars.All sins are forgiven, it is a fine movie and should be view as science fiction drama. No popcorn this time...I think I'll read the bible.I meant to give it five stars, not four--thanks Karen!BYE!
My kids love it. Ages 12~18. The 18 yr old boy even said this was a good flick. Now they'll have date night at our house.
I wanted to make sure my grand daughter was getting all she needed to be a good third grade student and this helped some what. I give her extra work from it along with her regular school math. It would work for a second grader is they are good at math. Easy to copy for work sheets.
...because they know nothing about real deer. Let's get it straight, OK? A deer is a large animal with potentially dangerous antlers and hooves. A deer is a WILD animal. While I wouldn't say no-one has ever tried this stunt (getting a deer to eat salt from a human's hands), it is neither safe nor fair to the deer. Deer have been known to injure and, rarely, to kill, humans who have moved in on their space. They are not aggressive animals, but they have spent most of their existence learning to defend themselves. It is tempting to wish for a more "human" relationship with wild animals, but it almost never does them any good, no matter how satisfying it may be to the selfishness of humans.This book is beautifully written and has very pretty illustrations, but it trades the magic of reality for the "magic" of sentiment. It IS magical to watch a deer in the moonlight; to be close enough to hear its breathing and watch it eat. Why add the dangerous (and rather insulting) get-the-deer-to-eat-out-of-your-hand motif? Compare this book, for example, to Jane Yolen's "Owl Moon." Yolen confines her sentiment to the interaction among humans, and lets the magic of seeing owls in the wild speak for itself. By comparison, "Salt Hands" is way down the scale, moving toward "Bambi."If you do feel you like this book enough to read it to a child, PLEASE explain how incredibly dangerous it is to try to get this close to a deer, and talk about safe ways to enjoy the wild animals around us.
I have now run through KOEI's new &quot;Dynasty Tactics&quot; twice, and I can honestly say that this is the most solid offering the ALWAYS solid KOEI has ever delivered. As everyone (at least that is reading this review!) knows, KOEI is the maker of the fantastic RTK series, as well as the Dynasty Warriors games. Although the title of this closely resembles Dynasty Warriors, that is where the similarities end.You have the option of playing the game as either Liu Bei, Cao Cao or Sun Ce, so from the beginning, you have three entirely separate gameplay options. Your goal in each case is to unify China through a series of Ogre Battle-like scenarios. The battles themselves are great fun, relying on so-called tactics to defeat your enemies. Although the ins and outs of this tactics system are difficult to explain here, in short, a player must use his brain to develop strategy in order to chain these tactics together for devastating combos.This in itself would make for a great game, but the REAL surprise is after you beat one of the scenarios. Then you may view a history screen which shows all of the movies you unlocked during the game. The kicker, you say? You will have only unlocked about a sixth of all of the possible options! That's right; you have three scenarios to begin with, and each scenario has five or six different endings, which may be reached through fifteen or so different paths. KOEI, you have outdone yourself.Again, this game is not for everyone: those expecting Dynasty Warriors, or ever RTK, will be disappointed. However, if you are a player who enjoyed Ogre Battle, Final Fantasy Tactics, or the like, you are in for a real treat here!
I LOVE this! I stuck with the wipe holder I had but I can carry a couple of diapers and throw a couple of small things in the pocket on the outside. It folds out ig so we'll be able to use it for a while. The only thing I'd change is to make the strap big enough for a wrist. I bet it would work well on a stroller but I wear my baby and would love to cary this on my wrist instead.
These cutting boards are not very nice. I expect a plastic cutting board to have some "give" so that it doesn't damage my knives, but these boards are pretty rigid.
After having listened to now 6 renditions of Mahler's 10th, I have eventually become convinced that Deryck Cooke did an admirable thing in expanding and extrapolating on Mahler's only completed first movement and skeleton of the other 4 remaining movements in this 10th symphony.I think Rattle's previous outing on EMI with the Bournemouth is a better interpretation of the 10th. I found this most recent recording to possess the following problems: (1) it seemed so much quieter than the previous recording, I had to turn my volume control up all the way until I could hear anything; (2) the most dramatic moments in the symphony such as the ending of the 1st movement is played softer and smoother and loses the emotional and spiritual power it had on the earlier rendition, and (3) the opening of the last movement is played so pianissimo and slowly it does not even convey any quality at all except that of losing consciousness and falling asleep.Rattle should try to find and listen to an out of print CD recording on Virgin by Karl Anton Rickenbacker with the Bamberger Symphony performing symphonic fragments of Mahler. The 3rd and last track includes the most gorgeous and beautifully played performance of the 1st movement from the 10th I have ever heard. Rickenbacker proves that you can play this movement very slowly, loud enough to hear, beautifully phrased, and emotionally powerful. It comes in at an unbelievably expansive 32 minutes and avoids deliberateness and achieves spiritual ecstasy. Now that's a recording I'd like to see Virgin reissue. In fact, my biggest dream is that Virgin would ask Rickenbacker and the Bamberger to do the whole 10th in all its breathed-out glory.I think EMI took a 2nd crack at the 10th with Rattle because some reviews of the earlier try said that the recording utilizing Grundig technology presented some problems. After listening to that recording several times, I cannot agree. Even though this 2nd recording may be slightly improved in string ensemble quality and a very nice and quiet live performance, it loses in energy and emotional power what the 1st try had. It was a VERY GOOD recording and I'm holding on to it and think Rattle did a great job the first time around. Bravo! This second one, however, I just cannot recommend.Mahler was said to have changed his mind on his death bed when he asked his wife not to destroy his manuscript of his 10th symphony. He intended that someone might attempt to &quot;do something with it&quot; and Alban Berg and Ernst Krenek both took a whack at it. Deryck Cooke seems to have gotten the furthest.After several hearings of a couple of versions and studying the liner note history of the piece's spiritual journey, I appreciated Deryck Cooke's disclaimer that his version was NOT a finished product, but a performing version. I have come to understand this subtitle to mean that this is an orchestrational experiment to allow an audience to hear the symphony in an elaborated form what it could possibly of sounded like if Mahler had been allowed to compose a bit more of it. This is fine, because I find the form it is now in to almost maintain and hold sacred the mystery of the closing bars of the 9th. Deryck Cooke emphasizes the eventual tone of triumph at the end of the 5th and last movement and allows poignant space for more meditation and contemplation of the piece. The 10th inevitably seems to be heading to the same unknown and mysterious regions of the 9th.
I recently returned from my first trip to Hawai'i and this book was constantly at my side! Visiting O'ahu, Kaua'i and the Big Island, I wanted to make sure I got the most out of all islands. This book has excellent photography, superb maps and has information on all major sightseeing and tourist attractions.One of the things that truly separates this guide from many other of it's ilk are the additional sections that include the legends and history of the island chain. All Hawai'i guidebooks will tell you that Spouting Horn blowhole is a must-see on Kaua'i, but few will mention the legend of the lost mo'o, or lizard that is trapped inside the blowhole. In addition, excerpts from literary travelers like Mark Twain and Isabella Bird provide interesting perspectives on the various islands.This guide goes beyond simply showing you what to do, it provides an excellent read!I didn't give it 5 stars because there wasn't information on pricing, hours and other details for most of the attractions. This wasn't a big problem for me, but you may want to purchase an additional guide if they desire this information.
...when I was younger my dad would play music that I would deem as...strange and weird...from awkward sounds of electronica...to this...but this really is something special......if you only know this band for their prestige of making TV theme tunes then you are only on one side of the dodecahedron shaped glass...this band has an experimental side like you wouldn't believe......sure there's simple songs like "the statue made me high" but they are still enjoyable and have very good hooks (not in the bad poppy way) but I want to spend the rest of this review reviewing the elusive FINGERTIPS!!!...now this isn't just any kind of simple sound clips...I could probably remember every sound clip off fingertips off by heart...it is many very short (most around ten seconds) sound clips fused together to create a trip of bizarity and confusion...hearing "aren't you the guy that hit me in the eye?" followed by "please pass the milk please" is a truly mind boggling experienc......to put it simply...you should buy this for fingertips alone but if you like the weird and bizarre quirks of they might be giants...this is the album to buy...
Simply ghastly film with an interesting premise, a talented (and comely) Matthew Montgomery, and absolutely nothing else going for it. Obviously made on a limited budget, this sci-fi tale of a lightning strike survivor and his involvement with a group of electroshock fetishists (also survivors of lightning strikes)could still have been a success, had there been a decent script, a competent lead actor, and some semblence of direction. As it is, the film is a frustrating waste of time.
I bought this because I had heard Steve Miller sing "God Bless The Child" as part of a Les Paul tribute and wanted a copy of that tune. The rest of this CD has been a very pleasant surprise. It's hard to categorize because while it is filled with standards and has a lot of jazz DNA it is also unmistakably the Steve Miller Band harmonies and all. So; if you like old standards and you like the classic rock of the Steve Miller Band you may well love this CD. The guitar solos are reminiscent of Larry Carlton's work with Donald Fagan (post Steely Dan) and in spots I felt more than a twinge of Steely Dan nostalgia while I was listening.Rather than try to categorize this CD I would suggest that you listen to the samples and if you like what you hear climb aboard the Steve Miller Band's Pegasus and take a ride to a very different destination and a different time.
OK, this is not the most original fantasy story to have appeared. But it satisfies my desire for fantasy reading quite handily.While the "tricks of the trade" in fantasy may be used without cease, they suffer very little for it. The world Britain creates has the possibility for huge expansion, and I didn't mind it as it was to start!I really liked reading this, and am looking forward to more.
Both Dr. Mueller's scientific training and his compassion show in this carefully reasoned analysis of what ails the American healthcare system and what we should do about it.Mueller's book addresses the enormous financial costs of the present commercialized healthcare system as well as the moral blight of a system that allows Americans to suffer and die needlessly.Here is some of the shocking reality that Dr. Mueller depicts --o We are failing to prevent and control disease in the 85 million uninsured and underinsured Americans. &quot;There is no question that there are numerous Americans who are sick who would not be if they lived in Europe, Canada, or Japan, where they would have had accessible primary and preventative care.&quot;o Americans spend approximately $160,000,000,000 (160 billion dollars) in excess costs each year treating late-stage diseases that could have been prevented or controlled at an early, less-acute stage.o The infant mortality rate in the United States is 7.2 per 1,000 live births. By comparison, the number is 5.7 in the Britain; 5.5 in Canada; 5.2 in the Netherlands; 5.0 in Spain and Australia; 4.7 in Germany and France; 3.6 in Japan. Unlike the United States, these countries insure appropriate care for all women in early pregnancy.o &quot;The 2000 World Health Organization Review of 191 nations ranked the United States as 37th overall in health system performance, but number one in healthcare costs&quot; (at $4,187 per capita in spending). Since we are paying the highest price for an inferior system, Dr. Mueller quite rightly asks, WHERE IS ALL THE MONEY GOING?o At least 1,500,000 Americans are employed to process the complicated paperwork generated by our patchwork of for-profit healthcare organizations. Dr. Mueller wants these people re-trained as health-care workers.While other developed countries recognize optimum health care as a human right, the United States does not do so. The author argues that a reformed system could be achieved through the careful, businesslike approach he outlines. In one decisive year, a single national system could be developed from our present Medicare program, replacing the patchwork of private businesses and the tons of non-standard insurance forms. Under the new system those presently uninsured and underinsured could receive medical attention and needed prescription drugs; all citizens could receive basic dental care; patients could be free to select their own doctors; out-of-pocket health costs could be limited to 10 percent of a family's income; home health-care services could be expanded; education costs for dental and medical students could be covered; doctors could be well-paid for the vital services they perform; incentives could be retained for those who develop new medicines and medical equipment.Other countries have done it. So can we.We need to be united and strong as we face the present international crisis. Yet our nation is divided by a bad healthcare system. that keeps millions of medical outcasts living in anxiety. This is the time for all Americans to join together and to support each other, to ensure everyone's basic right to health.Personally, I would like to see doctors, nurses, and others with experience in this area make nonpartisan, independent races for Congress throughout the country, using the recommendations in this book as a platform, challenging the monied interests who control this vital aspect of public policy through campaign contributions, and forcing incumbent members of Congress to explain why they oppose a universal user-needs based healthcare system and continue to support the patchwork of private businesses that are profiting at the expense of sick and dying Americans.We need courageous people in Congress who will stand up to the short-sighted phamaceutical industy that spent $85,000,000 last year to fight AGAINST prescription drug coverage by Medicare.
. . . in house music. Indoctrinated at an early age by Johnny Vicious's "The Beginning," Doc Martin's "Unlock Your Mind," and later, Juan Atkins's "Wax Trax Vol.1," among a few other masterpieces of song selection and mixing--in a word, the art of house/electronic music--I have been alternately desperately and drearily disappointing ever since. The extremely mediocre follow-ups by these same artists eventually confirmed my belief that house was dead. And then came this CD. While Terry's previous releases were nothing to sneeze at--if his song selection hasn't always been emotive, his mixing has always been impeccable--this CD represents nothing short than a renaissance of the art and other-worldliness of house music. I believe that to hear this same music live, at a club, might be a slice of heaven; better yet, my wife and two children there with me, and Terry, and I would be in heaven. I know that Terry probably won't come across this review, but if you do, God bless you for bringing this work to us. I am a bitter critic of most electronic music, but this CD is beyond criticism. It is perfect.
This is one of the best films I have seen on God. I can not see how a Atheist can watch this film and still keep to their faith that there is no God. Well I guess... if they just watched the movie with their eyes closed and talked through out the movie and didn't listen, sure, then...I love the part about the Science of Fine tuning. How the Genesis Poem completely fit in with Science and how we are all here is total is a total miracle.Excellent Delivery Rob Bell! Also I just purchased the DVD: "The God's Aren't Angry" another excellent movie!May God Bless you all!
This is a very demented, twisted, horror film. Would be VERY contraversial if it was released in this day and age. If you like horror and haven't seen this, I would suggest doing so and will bet you'll love it. It's over-the-top and actually quite suspenseful. For a dollar more, certainly get the blu if you have the means to watch it in that format. A vastly under rated 80's classic gets another chance come June. JUST BUY IT!!!
Whats with every band getting 4 stars or higher. Is it just a ploy to get us to buy the cd's or is it that just the people who love the cd's review them. I tried to think of a band that I, nor anyone else that I've come across, have liked. The Verve Pipe is it. 4 starts? Come on. These guys are really bad!
For you young hipsters out there keen to tune in to the happening scene, you need to ask yourself whether you want to be an idiot while doing it. If you do intend to reduce your thinking to what is obvious, boring, or plain moronic, THIS IS THE ALBUM FOR YOU!!!On the other hand, if you want to understand how the world works, turn away from the colossally stupid whenever you can - and a good start is not buying this piece of crap album.
The Shadow does not rise. Within ten books there has never been a rise in the Shadow. For the whole series, Rand has the advantage over the Shadow. But he is an idiot surrounded by even more idiots. He's too stupid to know how to finish it and the Shadow is too stupid to kill him. The Wheel of Time series is exactly the kind that taints the fantasy genre. It is perhaps the most overrated work in the history of literature.You all know how badly this series has been bashed. And all I can say is that its all very true. Those who still love it are a minority for a reason. Robert Jordan can be even more perverted than most authors who allegedly describe sexual activity. While Goddkind's scenes are excessive, people like George R.R. Martin restrict it to a paragraph. Jordan writes about men who pursue women they think they love but throughout this series I have never seen a shred or act of true love. EVERYONE in his books is either handsome or beautiful (he emphasizes things like clothing, and treats people like scenery). He TRIES to make us feel happy or sorry when characters fall in or out of love, but no one really cares. He's trying to use ideas out of sitcoms like "Friends" or soap operas. Of course its a very bad attempt. Now, each book is an episode of the most boring series ever. All of Jordan's characters are the same piece of trash, recycled for each book. I don't care if he has a wonderful skill with words. Anyone could do that. A real storyteller would have a better understanding of human nature. A real writer could at least be more original. Jordan is failure.Nothing happens in the beginning. Or in the middle. Rand's story only gets exciting at the end. Forget Elayne's and Nynaeve's chapters. Take my advice: skip pages when you feel the even slightest desire to do so. Heck, skip whole chapters! I'll admit, the first 3 might be worth your time. But each book is 600-900 pages and for so much writing, there is not enough. And book 4 is when it crashes.I'm tired of the stereotypes. Literature has endured all these "heroic epics." Everything is so predictable. They say Wheel of Time is "one of the best works of fantasy." Just go ahead and read all those other contemporary novels like "Sword of Truth" or "Sword of Shannara." Pathetic. All I can say is that this entire genre is going downhill, and without its classics, its just wasted paper. I hope all you Jordanites actually find something worth reading. So you can see how bad Robert Jordan really is. I never personally attached myself to this series and I am glad I didn't. Sometimes, stories of heroism are garbage. The most beautiful stories tell us our saddest and most realistic thoughts. I say get A Game of Thrones. Maybe George R.R. Martin can save the genre.
&quot;Gloria&quot; was the first U2 song I heard.&quot;October&quot; was U2 and is still their best recording!And, &quot;Gloria&quot; is still their finest song!
You can't go wrong with these, hoops are small but not too small, hard to find look of white and yellow gold, diamond cutting catches the light, and the price was right. These are fast becoming my go-to everyday earrings.
I'm glad Schumann didn't live in our day. We'd classify him as ADD and inject him with something to make him "normal". In these pieces we find a mind constantly exploring. Having arrived at a destination we rush off to the next.This music taunts the musicians; can you tell my story without spinning out of control? Kremer and Argerich can. Everything is presented clearly, yet Schumann's energy is never lost.
Do not be conned by these prices the city of the living dead is avalaible in the walking dead fright pack box set................also by anchorbay entertainment. only 29.00 it also includes many other zombie flick by anchorbay.............
Okay, whether you have high expectations or none at all, this game just doesn't work. For one, the whole "freedom of choice" thing is a huge lie. If you want to be "good", you can rescue the same people over and over; for "evil", you kill them repeatedly. That's it. Second, you CANNOT choose where you want to go and what you want to do there. This game is mission-based, just like every other bland game this year. Oh, sure, you can "choose" which mission you want, but if you choose any but the "right" one, you'll find yourself getting killed in an instant. So no matter what you do, you have to follow a linear path.The gameplay is a mess as well. The combat system doesn't work half the time (you'll often accidentally target people instead of enemies), and even when it does work, you'll still get killed because your skills aren't powerful enough. How do you get them more powerful? By going to the forest and killing bees until you level up. Hmmm, where have I heard this before? In every single other RPG to hit the market, perhaps? Unlike better games, where you always find yourself at the right level to move forward if you take on all the available enemies, Fable forces you to go back and forth between areas to get the enemies to respawn, watching a long loading screen each and every time you exit and enter an area. What fun.Even the non-combat interface is completely dilapidated. Menus were a monster to navigate, and it took me a good ten minutes just to get my equipment on. And don't get me started on my attempt to use the controller customization feature.Finally, there are the things that aren't "broken" exactly, but are still annoying. Like the people, for example. Even when you are just walking through an area, perhaps on your way back to kill more bees, NPCs are constantly chattering away in irritating accents. You can't get a moment's peace. Also, you can call me a prude if you wish, but I can't believe that "burp" and "fart" have their own buttons. This game is rated M for mature, but perhaps it should be rated I for immature.Overall, Fable is an annoying, clunky, and frustrating game. Far from the promised revoloution, it delivers a package that doesn't even meet mediocre standards.
I am hooked on Sudoku and it takes my spare time even if only a couple of minutes. Which is why I rely on the categories, I usually expect Easy to only take me a couple of minutes; even with medium I don't need to take notes. Unfortunately that is not the case with this set of puzzles. In fact, the very first one in the Easy category wasn't that 'easy'. But then some of the hard ones are actually easy.There are a lot to do and it will be fun. If not for the poor editing I would have rated it 5 stars.
If you want to superheat your water first and then carry it over to this behemoth and then work up a heck of a sweat pushing it around then here it is. Otherwise it's a cruel joke.
Star of many German movies, Til Schweiger appears in Knockin' on Heaven's Door as Martin Brest who is diagnosed with a brain tumour and given very little time to live. In hospital Martin meets Rudi Wurlitzer (Jan Josef Liefers). Together they embark on an escapade with a stolen Mercedes containing a million marks (old 1997 money) and being chased by the policew and two thugs.The movie is fun to watch, seeing Martin and Rudi get in and out of their close calls and seeing the thugs and police stumbling behind.There are various extras on the DVD in German along with commentaries in German. The movie itself has optional German audio or dubbed English. Subtitles are available in both languages.The movie is a decent way to pass an hour and a half on a windy winter afternoon. (86 minutes).Enjoy.
I must admit, that this review is for the original release and not the director's cut.Glad I got that out of the way.This film is beautiful. So beautiful and eloquently acted and filmed that subtitles are virtually unnecessary. This is a movie for movie lovers. And what a movie it is. Sublime.I first saw this film at the Cabot Cinema in Beverly, MA and toward the end of the movie I was wondering why everyone was whispering. Well, they weren't whispering. They were crying. I was among them.Morricone's score is unforgettable. This is a film about human compassion, passion, dreams, and letting go. To movie lovers everywhere: please Please PLEASE experience this movie.
This stuff doesn't belong in music stores. It belongs in the presecription medicine aisle of your local chemists or 'drug store' - under 'Sleep Aids'. But it must stay as prescription only. If too many people start playing this during daylight hours, entire city blocks could be sent to sleep, with catastrophic results. Drivers would zonk out at the wheel, nuclear power workers would doze through developing meltdowns, office workers would fall asleep and fail to do any meaningful work all day - okay, that last one's pretty much normal. But you see what I mean. Side effects of chronic uncoolness and middle-agedness also need to be worried about.
Being a fan of old 1930's murder mystery movies, such as the Chans and the Thin Man, I was eager to get acquainted with Mr. Moto when the series was recently released on DVD. I was not disappointed. Most of the movies held up quite well. The second set of movies included an interesting biography of John P. Marquand, the author of the original Moto novels. That led to a curiosity to read one of the mysteries. While Marquand's stories are not complicated as mysteries go, he does have an ability to draw engaging multi-dimensional characters with a swipe of the pen. Having been to the Orient himself during the time he is writing about, he describes Shanghai and Honolulu before World War II so well that you see each scene vividly. Interestingly enough, though the movies depart drastically from the plots of the novels, the character of Moto played by Peter Lorre seems exactly right as you follow Moto in the novel. In fact, I think Lorre may have injected even more inscrutable Oriental mystery into Moto than Marquand himself. For those of us who like a bit of history along with the murder, this is an entertaining read.
I am a huge fan of The White Stripes. I think that Jack and Meg White are fine talented musicians. However, their 1st album isn't that great. THis album has the most songs on it by The White Stripes. That doesn't mean it's all good.There are some fine quality gems on this, however. Jimmy The Exploder is a great opener and my personal favorite. The radical reworking of Stop Breaking Down is also a new classic. And, some of the folk songs like Sugar Never Tasted So Good are also great. And Astro is the finest AC/DC song AC/DC never wrote.However, there's some awful filler in here. Wasting My Time is ruined by Jack's singing. Although he's a good singer, he sounds too overly dramatic on that song. Broken Bricks is too short, Slicker Drips is just too short and pointless, and I was never a fan of Bob Dylan, so One More Cup Of Coffee didn't do anything for me.This is not a good introduction to one of the best new bands out there. Try White Blood Cells first, or De Stijl. This should come last.
If you want to learn the pipes, you must have a practice chanter (and an instructor!)If $$ is an object, this is probably the least expensive PC's out there and well worth the cost. Whether you get it from this vendor, or another, you really can't go wrong with this chanter. The only thing I would caution on, is insure that you get the "Gibson" reed with the chanter. (should be included at this price). The combination of the Gibson Chanter & Gibson reed (email me to find out how to tell), sounds great.Just stay away from the sub $50 "rosewood" practice chanters. They're novelty quality at best.
Folks, I like movies. I like good movies. I don't care what kind of movie is out there, if it is good, I'll like it...and if it is a bad one, I won't like it. Pure and simple.What kind of movie is Finding Neverland? In short, a very bad one. I believe this movie has snob appeal. Just as wines gather a certain amount of snob appeal, so does Finding Neverland gather its share of snobbery moss. There is no denying that the idea of the movie is a good one, and that is where the positives of this movie end. The acting is just horrible, or maybe it is the directing that stinks. The movie never grabs you and is as phony as a three dollar bill. Just because a movie seems foriegn, does not make it a good movie. Some people have touted this movie as a great family movie. I would think that watching grass grow would be more fun. Your kids, (and adults, if they are honest enough) will see through this sorry excuse of a movie and see it for what it is, a snobby 'art' film.
In maintaining an active interest in philosophy I was quite eager to tackle this somewhat enigmatic work. This title is one of thos that you oft hear mentioned and rarely discussed. What I encoutnered was a pseudo-biographical work that presents it's ideas and concepts slowly, poorly and seemingly as condescendingly as possible. I would only advise those well versed in classical greek philosophy to even consider this text. The areas of the text pertaining to Zen Buddhism are very welcome and far to short ... even if the points made are rudimentary and well known today.
Fantastic Monster Manual and treasure guide! This is essentially the GM/Castle Keeper's guide at the same time.
"Diamond Lil" was a scandalous Broadway hit for Mae West in 1928. Today it is chiefly known in the even more successful (and now classic) film based on it, "She Done Him Wrong" (1933), Cary Grant's first appearance. The play has never been published, either in its original or revised version. But there's the film -- and this novelization. In expanding the story to book length, West and her ghost writer(s) added some period detail (there was a REAL Diamond Lil) and a great deal of padding. A mere curiosity.She Done Him Wrong
Including the extra scenes, this movie totals a hefty playing time 4 hours and 10 minutes. Having seen the movie without the extra scenes, I can fully say that these extra scenes pull the movie together like you wouldn't expect. The Return of the King also has the most important extras over the other two in the series.I absolutely guarantee that you will say to yourself: "I can't believe that scene was deleted! That explains everything!"Get this movie over the non extended edition, you won't be disappointed.
A storming blaze of metal executed to perfection, Fear Factorys greatest work bringing structure into raging metal. The first four tracks particuarly stand out, working well together and eventually leading up to the beast of a track that is `Replica'. A powerful example of industrial metal at its best, buy it. Metal is alive and kicking!
Anyone growing up in the late 1980's who was (and still is) a fan of the movies GREMLINS and GHOULIES should already know about the CRITTERS films. Some people might consider the CRITTERS movies as the "poor mans" version of GREMLINS. Granted, both film series share similar themes (cute and frightening pint sized little monsters) but they can both be judged on their own merits. I read online somewhere that the story for CRITTERS was written a few years before GREMLINS took to the big screen. So it's clearly an idea that directors have kicked around before. Heck, there's even a scene in the movie DEMONS 2 (by the amazing Lamberto Bava) where an infected little kid turns into a menacing Goblin like creature!It seemed like everywhere you looked (back in the early to late 80's) there was always some GREMLINS like clone coming out. Some were better than others. (Do I even need to mention the awful TROLL sequel? What about MUNCHIES?) 'Yup! Everywhere you looked back in the 80's, there was someone ripping off the Gremlin theme and CRITTERS wasn't devoid of scrutiny. If you ask me, the GHOULIES series seems more like a blatant rip off of GREMLINS than CRITTERS is. No matter what the comparisons are, the bottom line is that these type of movies are pure fun and nothing more. Sometimes you want a little cute humor with your blood shed and carnage!For those of you who don't know what a Critter is (or called "Crites" in the films) they're basically little fur balls with sharp teeth. Try to picture a hedgehog mixed with a piranha and you'll have some what of an idea. Also, they're fast moving little creatures that hunt in packs, roll into balls and shoot poisonous spines from their backs! As if these elements weren't bad enough, it seems like the more meat the "Crites" eat, the bigger they get! All the while laying more eggs as they go. Needless to say, these are some tough little buggers to exterminate! In the film series it always took some hardcore intergalactic bounty hunter to wipe them out until the next sequel.Here are some short reviews of the four films in this excellent collection.CRITTERS (1986)This movie pretty much sets the stage and is the best out of the series. Basically the "Crites" are being transferred from one intergalactic prison to another. Something goes wrong and the Critters end up escaping the transfer, crashing their ship on Earth in the process. This proves to be a bad thing considering they kill and eat anything they come in contact with and a small farm is next on their menu! Eventually one of the Critters eats so much meat that it grows into gigantic proportions! Around the size of a gorilla, maybe bigger!This movie is truly a classic! Not only is it a lot of fun but it also has actors Dee Wallace Stone (THE HOWLING) and BILLY ZANE (DEMON KNIGHT) in it to boot! The bounty hunters Charlie and Ug are truly enjoyable characters, and the special effects are a real treat for the audience. This is the perfect "popcorn" Horror flick for the whole party! The best out of the series if you ask me! It's a little scary, not too bloody and perfect for the kids.CRITTERS 2 : THE MAIN COURSE (1988)Those pesky Critters are back at it again. As it turns out, not all of the "Crite" eggs were destroyed in the first movie. Some how, a local junk yard dealer ends up with the strange looking eggs and sells them to a little old lady. (Why? I'll never know considering they're so gross looking!) She paints them as Easter eggs and takes them into town for the local Easter egg hunt. Next thing you know, the kids in the town are all taking "Easter Egg's" home and the Critters start to hatch yet again.This sequel isn't better than the original (few sequels ever accomplish that) but it isn't a bad movie either. It just doesn't match up with the charm that the first movie had. With that being said, it does have movie director Mick Garris (SLEEPWALKERS, THE STAND, MASTERS OF HORROR) behind the wheel this time and some of the special effects are pretty neat. The end of the movie has the notorious "uber" Critter ball sequence too, which does take things up a notch although some people might think it just looks stupid.Over all, not a bad little sequel here. For some reason I just can't get into this movie as much as the others. Even with it's descent budget compared to the "direct to video" sequels. I think one of my main problems is the main character Brad Brown. He was the little kid in the first movie but now he's a little older in this sequel. While I didn't mind him in the original, I find him a little annoying here. It's a small problem really. CRITTERS 2 isn't bad.Which brings us to.....CRITTERS 3 : YOU ARE WHAT THEY EAT (1991)This second sequel is the first in the "direct to video" Critters movies. I would have to say this one is my least favorite in the entire series, despite it's really not all that bad on the whole. Here's the story. No longer terrorizing a little farm or a small town, the Critters have moved on to bigger and better things. Bigger meaning the big city! Better meaning they now have more people to eat! Despite the "Crites" seemingly being killed off in the second movie, they're actually still alive and kicking in the woods near the town they terrorized. Somehow, they climb aboard a mini van with a singler Father and his two kids, hitching a ride along the way. The family unknowingly brings the "Crites" with them back to their apartment, and thus begins another feeding frenzy.The main problem with this sequel is the low budget. Some things just don't make sense and the over all movie has some consistency issues. The end of the movie doesn't have any "uber" Critter in it like in the other two films (although there is one main Critter I'll call "Bleach" after getting a face full of the stuff) and the over all movie itself feels kind of rushed. Despite it's short comings, CRITTERS 3 does have it's up sides. Actor Leonardo DiCaprio (THE BEACH and SHUTTER ISLAND) gets his film start here and the acting itself is at least competent. This movie is not bad for a "direct to video" sequel. It's just not the best in the series.CRITTERS 4 : THEY'RE INVADING YOUR SPACE (1992)This movie is much better in my opinion than the third one is. Although I'm sure some people would disagree with me on that one. The "vibe" gets back to the basics with it's over all darker mood. The story picks right up after the "cliff hanger" ending in part three. The "Crites" are almost killed off into extinction and Ug tells Charlie (via space age communicator) that he needs to put the last of the Critter eggs in a space pod for safe keeping. Apparently they worry about mass extinction in space too, despite how deadly the "Crites" turn out to be.Charlie does so, becoming trapped in the space pod and cryogenically frozen in the process. The space pod flys into space and eventually gets lost along the way to it's home base. Many years pass (it's now 2045) and a salvage space ship with humans on it find Charlies vessel out of nowhere. Faster than anyone can say "Alien 3", the Critters escape their hibernation sleep, start eating the crew and multiplying along the way.This sequel has some great aspects to it. Not only is it darker with it's ALIEN like vibe, but it's some how a little bloodier than the other movies in the series. For only being a PG-13 rating, some of the death sequences look like that could have came right out of a Slasher movie! My favorite scene is where a Critter tries to eat it's way into some guys mouth! It's funny and the special effects are really effective considering the budget. Another plus side to this sequel is that Brad Dourif (from THE EXORCIST III and the voice of Chucky from CHILDS PLAY) is in it and he really helps along an otherwise low budget film. Just watching his scenes makes you appreciate what a great actor he truly is. Even in such a low budget, "direct to video" movie he gives it his all! CRITTERS 4 is the third best in the series if you ask me.Moving along.....In the end, this is the perfect collection for any Horror movie enthusiast. Normally these type of DVD sets come with bare as bones extras. That's not the case here thank goodness! Strangely enough, New Line Cinema gives us the options for widescreen or full screen viewing on the same disc! That on top of all the movie trailers included make this collection one of the best out there! I paid about $10 bucks for my copy and I love it to death!Gore Hounds, check it out despite the PG-13 ratings. They might not have the buckets of blood movies like THE EVIL DEAD have but they sure are fun! The Critter puppets are cool looking and it's interesting to see the film directors work around the PG-13 rating. Heck! Any well seasoned Gore Hound (and Horror movie fan in general) should already know about the CRITTERS movies! They're classics! These films are also great for getting young kids into the world of Horror without scaring them to death process. Start them off with CRITTERS and GHOSTBUSTERS, then eventually move them on to FRIDAY THE 13TH and DAWN OF THE DEAD. After that, it's on to the greats such as DEAD ALIVE and SUSPIRIA!Ah' yes! The wonderful experiences and memories of watching Horror films while growing up! Those are the good 'ol days.Over and out.
First, though late 1950's, these are mono recordings, although I think the ear adjusts quickly. Although the tape was oversaturated in a spot or two at climaxes, the sound quality is very good. The string timbre and especially, the sound of the horns, is a bit different with this French orchestra vs. the usual German or American orchestral sound. Schuricht is perhaps more a 'classicist' and less a 'romantic' in his interpretation than many others. Overall a very satisfying setwhich provides a different sound-picture than many you have heard without the astringency of 'original instrument' performances.
I love these! While I don't use them to chill a room-temperature bottle of water, (I don't find that to be as effective;) I do use them to keep an already chilled bottle of water cold longer. I am not a soda drinker; I am a bottled water drinker. When I leave the house, I grab water and, especially in the summer, the chillers really do work!It's great, and it works on bottles of varying sizes, with the exception of the liter bottles of water. (I use my Vacu Vin wine chiller for that size.) The 24-oz. bottles of Aquafina seem perfect for this thing! A match made in water bottle heaven!
I got this movie because Jason Behr was in it.I guess everyone needs to make a living but I wasted my money. There really isn't a storyline. Just a jumble.I was very disappointed
The only reason I am not giving this book 5 stars is because sometimes the plot line gets a little muddled and character reasoning gets hard to follow. But if you are like me and every now and then want a good read to just sit and enjoy reading, trust me you will love this book. I do not know if it has ever been done before, but this book was the first time *I* have ever read of a magic system based on physical attributes such as stamina, wit, voice, touch, strength, beauty etc. To become a &quot;Runelord,&quot; you need to find someone willing to give you an &quot;endowement,&quot; they MUST be willing to give it to you or the magic doesn't work (of course if a dagger is being held to one's throat, one tends to be rather agreeable to most things). Once an endowement has been given the granter loses it. So if it was strength they suddenly become so weak they cannot move. If it was beauty they suddenly become tremendously ugly, if it was stamina they now are very frail and weak and sickly. The only way for you to lose an endowement is to die (which causes the person who gave the endowement to get it back again), or have the person who gave you the endowement be killed - which takes the endowement from you upon their death. So obviously the most jealously guarded treasure in the land is a person's endowement givers. - The storyline for the book is your standard &quot;coming-of-age&quot; story, set in a land where fairies and giants and all sorts of other odd critters roam the land, along with an anchient evil. Added to this are your standard elemental wizards of earth, air, fire etc. Mixing it all together brings forth (in my opinion) a VERY enjoyable read.
The information is comprehensive but often difficult to find and there are a number of commonly eaten foods I have as yet not been able to find at all. Very good for calculating meals from food chains, a bit time consuming to look up each individual ingredient for home prepared meals. The way the items are listed leaves a lot to be desired.
"A Night in Heaven" opened in 1983 to terrible reviews and even worse box office. It was a mainstay on ten worst lists everywhere. It was dubbed "Flashdunce" after another hit movie of that year.Really, its not that bad. Insubstantial, yes. Ill-conceived, yes. Entertaining? Quite.Lesley Anne Warren plays Faye, a speech professor at the local community college who is having marital problems. Her husband Whitney (Robert Logan), an emotionally stunted inventor, has seemingly lost interest in her and she is becoming depressed when her sister Patsy (Deborah Rush) takes her out with friends to a local strip club. There, Faye is surprised that the club's star stripper, Ricky the Rocket (Christopher Atkins), is the same cocky student she just flunked in her class. When he sees her in the audience, Ricky does a virtual lapdance for her, and it isn't long before they have plunged into an affair.Actually, there was probably a very good, serious film buried somewhere in writer Joan Tewkesbury's original script, which is glossily directed by Oscar-winner John G. Avildsen, who went from this fiasco to "The Karate Kid". Unfortunately, the casting of Christopher Atkins in what was obviously originally a supporting role hurts the film considerably. Cast after his breakthrough role in "The Blue Lagoon", Atkins received star billing and all of the film's pre-release publicity. But Warren and Logan are the lead characters, have most of the screen time and obviously have the main relationship in the film. This caused the film to be quite obviously heavily reedited to emphasize the Atkins character, who is a total jerk, completely amoral and unlikable, and poorly played by one of the worst actors ever to be spit out of the Hollywood system. This sinks the film faster than the "Titanic". As a result, what should have been a serious examination of a marriage at a crossroads becomes a smarmy sex-comedy/marital drama in which the disparate elements just don't fit. Note the brief 80 minute running time. This is one film which I wish could be reedited to a director's cut, so we can see what the writer and director's original intent was. Instead, we will forever be saddled with the studio's botched reedit.In spite of all this, "A Night in Heaven" remains entertaining and easy to watch. Lesley Ann Warren gives a good performance here, although I'm sure this film isn't listed on her otherwise stellar resume. Robert Logan is also quite good, although his presence is a bit of an eye-opener considering he is best-known for family films like "The Wilderness Family" and this film comes as close to soft-core porn as any major Hollywood studio film of recent decades. Deborah Rush gives able support, and there's a decent performance here by an actress named Sandra Beall as Ricky's long-suffering girlfriend Slick. The late Carrie Snodgress also has a couple of good scenes as Ricky's mother. Unfortunately, Atkins' horrible acting just about negates the performances of everyone around him. It's impossible to do excellent work when the person you are acting with can't act to save his life. It makes you appreciate Warren's work even more. That she manages to give a good performance under the circumstances is commendable.One note: This film contains one of the sexiest love scenes I have ever seen in a film, and is one of only three reasons to see it. The other two? Warren's performance and Bryan Adams' now-classic love them "Heaven", which plays in its entirety over the opening and closing credits. When you take away the seven minutes for these sequences, that leaves 73 minutes of story, which makes the cuts even more noticeable."A Night in Heaven" is one bomb from the early '80's that should have been much better, but remains more entertaining than many much better films of the era.**1/2 (out of *****); ** for execution; *** for entertainment value.
Disappointed with the length; this is a tall but thin book. Based on research, I thought this would be different than the many other dinosaur books my 4-yr. old has, but same information presented in a slightly different manner. Child was visibly disappointed on Christmas but sweetly said: "Mommy I love it" even though scarce information was new. I will go to Borders where I can sit and look through the offerings before I buy a replacement. For someone with a dino-crazy child who memorizes odd and obscure facts about each type of creature from each age (which describes a lot of 4-yr. olds) this is not the book. It's perhaps a good starter - albeit slim - book, as the pictures are quite good and some of the dinos are not your run of the mill names. If you have a dino-nut on your hands, look for something with more heft.
This book is not a &quot;how to&quot; book. It approaches real-time systems from a mathematical point of view and does it well. As a mathematically inclined reader I loved this approach. However, as a user of real-time operating systems, the book is of little use. For a more direct explanation of how real-time operating systems work, I'd use Laplante's or Labrosse's books. I suspect that developers of real time operating systems and computer scientists would appreciate this foundational approach. I did. However, to undestand the practical issues with implementing a semaphore, for example, this is not the book. This book tries and succeds I believe to introduce more mathematical formalisn into the science of real-time operating systems. You need this book in your library to complete your references on real-time systems. It is a be-all end-all reference but is a valuable addition to the plentiful pragmatic books on the subject.
Jake seemed to come out of nowhere thats what Rick thought... So starts this novel. The story is told by Rick, who is friends with the quarterback and this new individual called Jake. Right away you sense something is not right. Jake begins to have a party every friday night at his house, before you know it he is the man to know. As others have said in their reviews this novel is very similar to The Great Gatsby. The school is even named Fitzgerald. In this version nobody gets killed but they are some serious issues that arise. To me the book comes alive with the way the author describes the emotions of the characters. It makes me begin to imagine how they look. To me this is a not just another typical teenager book about high school life but it actually has some morals and values to learn.
This is one of the worst videos I have ever seen. Amateurish and poorly put together. The first 2 disks were defective and the few parts I could see seemed to me to be a disastrous attempt to prove a point.The last disk was better but also defective.
This one was a b@&%$ ! That's what George r.r. Martin said in the acknowledgments of this book, and he was right. At points in this book, i felt as if i wanted to burn it, other times I was very much intrigued by it, yet by the time i finished it I realized that it was worth reading for two reasons: it refreshed my memory of the other three books and set the stage for the next one. This felt more like a skeleton, and the next book will fill in the details, and i think this book will come together nicely after reading the next one. At least that is the hope. Peace be with you always!
I don't need to type anything, the music speaks for it's self!!!
Several months ago when I was starting to build up my diaper supply for our baby who was then on the way, I intended to buy only Pampers Swaddlers and then Cruisers when she hit that size range. Then I started reading reviews and talking to friends who had small babies. I heard and read all these awful things about the Dry Max chemical that Pampers was using in their premium diapers. I ultimately decided that we would use the Baby Dry diapers instead to avoid the chemical diaper rashes that people were reporting. When I was given the opportunity to review these swaddlers, I figured it would give me a chance to see if I could actually use them on my baby without giving her an awful diaper rash. I was surprised when they arrived and there was no mention of Dry Max on the package. Then I did a little research on the Pampers website and it appears that they are no longer using Dry Max.Our experience with the new Swaddlers has been very good. We like the way they fit on our little one. We haven't had any issues with leaks or diaper rashes and that makes us all happy. My husband and I like the yellow indicator strip that turns blue when the diaper is wet. That's not a must have feature for us but it's a nice touch.I think these diapers are certainly nicer than the Baby Dry diapers. They are a better quality and they offer a nicer fit. The lining of the Swaddler diapers is a mesh that I think is a bit odd. I'm really not sure what benefit, if any it offers, but I prefer the lining on the Baby Dry diaper over it.Overall it's a good diaper and one I will certainly be purchasing in the next size up once we work our way through our stock pile of Baby Dry diapers.
Tromeo and Juliet... another sick, twisted, and demented movie from the geniuses at Troma!!! This movie is good, minus the occasional slow parts of the movie. It's worth watching just to see The Penis Monster in the jacuzzi! This movie is a must have for everyone's Troma collection. I recommend it on DVD format.
....by Truc Doan, age 15, Teen EditorHaven't we all wondered at some point what it would be like to see the world through somebody else's eyes? Between Two Junes is a Forest: A Journal of Everything, by Geoffrey Dilenschneider, allows us to do just that - with a twist. The book is written as a year in the life of a poet - not just somebody who writes poetry, but a person who lives, breathes, and sees poetry in whatever he does and wherever he goes.As I was reading the first chapters of the book, I thought, "This guy can't be for real. Nobody feels this much or thinks this eloquently." The book itself stands apart from the author. Between Two Junes is a Forest does not stray from its purpose: It is the emotional release of a teenage boy who faces his emotions with an acceptance unheard of for teenagers. The essays and poems may be confusing at times because they are not crafted with the eye and precision of a professional set on perfection. They are simply outpourings of one individual in his self-search. It is not Dilenschneider's mission to reveal to the reader some grand societal message behind the subtle metaphors and ironic storylines. This is his truth and these words are the lasting proof of what he has learned.As always, what readers takes from this heady piece is up to them. They must never forget that the book is written through the perspective of a single lens. I did not agree with some of his opinions, but I can not deny that I admire him for having these opinions and for being able to express them with such precision and grace. It is the mark of gifted linguist and talented writer.Copyright 2003 BlueJeanOnline.com
James Hollis writes in a way I can understand. This book was highly recommended by a psychologist. I have read hundreds of books trying to find the root of my anger and relationship problems, and at last my quest has been rewarded. Since this book I have read all of Hollis's work, and highly recommend him to anyone and everyone who wishes to make positive changes in his or her life. His work has truly changed my life. I am only sorry it took so long, but then again, maybe all the other books were preparation.
The big title &quot;Ph.D&quot; beside his name follows the Authority method (chapter 6). The quoted comments are blantant use of the Social Proof method (chapter 4). If you buy other books of Dr. Cialdini, you fall victim to the Commitment and Consistency principle (chapter 3). But indeed, this book says very little that has not been said in Carnegie's &quot;How to Win Friends and Influence People&quot;
I've been wishing for this one over many years, and at last Rhino Handmade has re-released this soundtrack recording from the 1968 film version, starring Petula Clark, Fred Astaire, Don Francks, and Tommy Steele. It's one of the rare instances where the soundtrack is better than the original cast album--both in terms of sound and the quality of the performances. The Burton Lane/E.Y. Harburg score includes "Look to the Rainbow," "How Are Things in Glocca Morra?", "Old Devil Moon," "If This Isn't Love," and "When I'm Not Near the Girl I Love."
Anyone involved in a Workers Comp claim, even if you already have an attorney, will benefit from reading this book. It's lengthy, but very worthwhile. This book will give you all the information you will need to make good decisions and to know what to expect during the whole process. You will find information that your attorney may not tell you! You need to know all of your options as well as your responsibilities.
I remember loving this series when I first read it and I came back to it after decades with some concern. Not all writing or story ideas withstand the test of time.This series does. The Dorsai are as interesting today as the books were first published. Written in a time when "epic" science fiction meant an astonishing depth of ideas and concepts (and not merely a lot of books), the Dorsai universe remains a phenomenal feat--thought-provoking and entertaining at the same time.Don't be put off by the emphasis on war and military in the descriptions of these books. They're so much more than that, even though the lessons about warfare--when and how to fight--are themselves fascinating.Highly recommended, especially for fans of "classic science fiction."
It's too bad that I had to give this one star. Mine lasted less than a year. I went to turn it on, and it wouldn't power up. Calling customer service was a joke, and it would have cost me over $100 to have a repairman come out. Philips couldn't care less on the phone.I'll need to pick up some fuses and fix the thing. I won't be buying another Philips product.
I have to agree with the other viewer who found this too 70's to be of much interest now. What may have been gritty and hard-hitting in the 70's is pretty tame stuff now. Compared to NYPD Blue, and even Hill Street Blues, this is simple, slow and feels much more like TV than reality.If you weren't a fan of this show when it aired, I'd try to rent a disc before investing in this set.
I just recieved this Farberware Casserole, but the informations in Amazon is wrong!On the Box it says this is Oven Safe to 500 Degrees not 350.also dishwasher safe.5 quarts.The measurments are 12.5" x 10".almost 3 1/2 deep.Nice dome lid.This could be used for a whole chicken or roast.When I bought this Farberware a few days ago it was, $29.99, then dropped down to $24.99, now I see its $46.90 !! But I have found this on other websites for about $50.00 plus s & H.I guess I got a good deal ($24.99) 4-07I made 12 deboned, deskined Chicken Breasts, mushrooms etc. in this, and there was plenty of room for more.I sauted first and then put it in the oven. It turned out wonderful.Nothing stuck, and cleaned up like a breeze.98% of my cookware is Calphalon commercial nonsitck,and I was surprised how well this cooked, and cleaned up.On the stove top the handles did not get hot, but be careful in the oven.This is nice enough to cook and serve with, but if you put it in the oven I think it would be too hot, I would cook in something else, then serve in this, as I would think it will keep the food hot..It can go from the stove top to the table.I also just recieved the 12 inch Cuisinart pan, it looks good, but is not as nice as this peice, and the handles do get hot on the stove top, but this did not.Two thumbs up..
Everything you ever wanted to do.Extreme sports meets james bond stuff.wish it went for longer.
this is amazingsucking my loveam i evil?the princeit electric are amazing
I can't even give this album 2 stars as much as I love the Chili Peppers. They have lost their hard-rock\punk\funk inspired edge. I know they are older now and need to change musically but I can't seem to know how anyone can enjoy listening to some of this material. It makes garage bands look good. Californication was pretty mellow but this album is a real sleeper. The new mellow Peppers are not for me.
Title: The PAPA Prayer by Larry CrabbPages: 201.Time spent on the "to read" shelf: 0 days.Days spent reading it: 1 week.Why I read it: My Church had a retreat in November. We used this book as our theme for the weekend.Brief review: In this book, Larry Crabb talks about how we pray. His main premise is that we often approach God only if we want something. We only use prayer to force God's hand in our lives. Crabb thinks this is not only wrong, but a reversal of how we should approach God. Instead Crabb proposes prayer should first be relational. This book does have a "formula," but Crabb is clearly against us using this prayer as a formulaic way of relating to God. I think he understands this model is only one way we should relate to God. It has its shortcomings, but I think it is pretty solid.Crabb's proposal is to pray using this acronym: P-A-P-A. Present yourself to God (talk to God openly about where you are at in your life). Attend to how you are thinking of God (is He to provide for me like Santa Claus, or like a loving parent who knows what's best for me?). Purge yourself of anything that blocks your relationship with God (basically confession). Approach God as the "first thing" in your life (remove all other idols, and actually take time to relate with God).The principles are pretty sound. I like Crabb's plea for us to be honest in our prayer walk. I also like the appeal for us to be relational with God, stop viewing Him as a "Cosmic Santa" (as I read somewhere else) who gives me everything I ask for and think I need. There should be more to our prayer lives than just asking God for stuff (even good stuff).I do not have anything negative to say about the book. I think it was a helpful way to think about prayer. But I just was not drawn into this book completely. I think I simply might not like the way Crabb writes. He's not terrible, I just am not captivated by his writing. Oh well. My only other beef was with the tag lines on the book cover. They are terrible. "You think you know, but you have no idea. The PAPA Prayer. The prayer you've never prayed." It's a little cheesy, and probably not Crabb's doing, so I won't hold it against him--just his publisher.I would recommend for anyone who needs to break out of their prayer rut of asking from a list, or someone thinking about how prayer can be more about my relationship with God. Definitely worth a quick read.Favorite quote: "Efforts to worship God without first getting to know Him tend to reduce worship to mere appreciation when God cooperates with our agendas."Stars: 3.5 out of 5.Final Word: Amen.
As one reviewer remarked, this was the Stones at their peak. This is also about the time I "discovered" them, being finally old and mature enough to be impressed with quality work. I got "Get Yer Ya Ya's Out" at about the same time, still the best live album by anyone anywhere, with the possible exception of the Stooges "Metallic KO." Some where at about the same time "Sticky Fingers" came out and I was a FAN. A real fan-I bought all the magazines with articles about the Stones I could find, I started collecting trivia about the band, I immersed myself in the band. This is and will always be the album I'll measure other rock bands by. That was the great news. The bad news was that I'd fallen in love and become obsessed with a band that was falling into a major decline. Keith Richards' heroin addiction wasn't gossip, it was a well known fact. Mick Taylor was getting sick of playing with him-how could anyone blame him? Mick Jagger's greatest strength has been his ability to listen to current music and work with it, but he needed Keith's restraining hand to keep authentic-without that, Jagger would grab any passing fad and try to create an album around it. And Keith couldn't even tune his guitar. I'd fallen in love with a band in sharp decline, and they followed these masterpieces up with work that went from mediocre ("Only Rock and Roll" to not bad ("Some Girls") to the awful "Black and Blue"-an album with a DISCO song on it! It began to occur to me that I was simply financing someone else's drug habit-it was a painful, bitter realization. The geniuses I'd idolized were marking time and when Mick Taylor finally quit in disgust, they replaced him with Ron Wood-a great guy to shoot dope with Keith, but what other talents did he have? The relationship between Jagger and Richards got worse and worse-as did their albums-and I quit listening to them years ago. It amazes me now to watch kids fighting for tickets to what amounts to an oldies band-in what way is this different from the Monkees or Herman's Hermits? But in site of the bitterness I feel towards this band, there is no denying the work they did in the early 1970s. Nobody before or since has recorded anything to match this album and music this thrilling makes up for a lot of crap-Emotional Rescue, duh. This is one of the two or three best rock albums ever made. But with the Stones, buyer beware!
With their first two albums, "Mr. Tambourine Man" (June, 1965) and "Turn! Turn! Turn" (December, 1965), the Byrds introduced the world to the new hybrid of folk and rock. Their following album, "Fifth Dimension" (1966), saw the Byrds continue with folk-rock but also experiment with new musical styles including jazz-rock, raga-rock, country-rock, and psychedelic-rock. "Fifth Dimension" was a bit of a discordant mess but proved to be a necessary step in the Byrds exploration of alternative musical genres. The next three Byrds albums are considered among the finest albums ever recorded by a rock band.Jim McGuinn (lead guitar), David Crosby (rhythm guitar), Chris Hillman (bass), and Michael Clarke (drums) entered Columbia's Hollywood studios on November 28, 1966 to begin work on their fourth album, "Younger Than Yesterday." Gary Usher was brought in as producer after working on Gene Clark's solo debut, "Gene Clark with the Gosdin Brothers." Recording sessions for the new album concluded on December 8."Younger Than Yesterday" explored many of the same musical styles of "Fifth Dimension," but the songwriting and performances are much more accomplished. The album is distinguished by Crosby's emergence as the dominant artistic force in the band. Also, Chris Hillman contributes songs for the first time including two country-influenced numbers that presage country-rock. McGuinn, such a force on the first three albums, takes a noticeable back seat to Crosby and Hillman on this album. Producer Usher used several recording techniques associated with psychedelic-rock including reverse tape effects."Younger Than Yesterday" was released on February 6, 1967 and peaked at #24 on the LP chart. The single, "So You Want To Be A Rock And Roll Star"/"Everybody's Been Burned" was released on January 9, 1967 and peaked at #29. "My Back Pages"/"Renaissance Fair" was released March 13 and peaked at #30. "Have You Seen Her Face"/"Don't Make Waves" was released May 22 and peaked at #74.Critical and popular reception of "Younger Than Yesterday" at the time of its release was only lukewarm. Many rock listeners equated the Byrds with the pass&eacute; folk-rock sound of "Mr. Tambourine Man." But "Younger Than Yesterday" has gained increasing recognition over the years as one of the very best rock albums of the 1960s. Rolling Stone selected it as #124 on its 500 Greatest Albums of All Time list published in 2003. In 2007, USA Today included "Younger Than Yesterday" as one of the 20 albums that defined 1967's "Summer of Love."Side One:"So You Want To Be A Rock `N' Roll Star" (Hillman/McGuinn) - Hillman's lively rip on the Monkees is fabulous. Hugh Masekela's trumpet is the first brass used on a Byrds song."Have You Seen Her Face" (Hillman) - Hillman does a nice Beatles imitation. Love the chorus."C.T.A.-102" (McGuinn/Hippard) - McGuinn explores the space aliens theme again. I like this novelty song, full of amusing special effects, much better than "Mr. Spaceman.""Renaissance Fair" (Crosby/McGuinn) - Crosby's beautiful ode to a hippy happening. Exquisite."Time Between" (Hillman) - Hillman steers the Byrds down a country road. Clarence White provides some extremely tasty licks. Nice little tune."Everybody's Been Burned" (Crosby) - McGuinn criticized this as Crosby's lounge song but it's a stunner. Crosby's velvet voice combined with Hillman's rambling bass and McGuinn's solo make this one of the very best Byrds songs. Written by Crosby prior to the Byrds.Side Two:"Thoughts and Words" (Hillman) - Beatles-like tune on acid with lots of backward guitar."Mind Gardens" (Crosby) - Crosby goes way over the top with this melody-less, self-indulgent number. But I still like it. Lots of backward guitar. Groovy, man."My Back Pages" (Dylan) - Crosby fought like hell to keep this song off the album, insisting it was a regression to the folk-rock style of "Mr. Tambourine Man." The Byrds' last Top-40 single. Great McGuinn Rickenbacker solo that stuck in my head for years."The Girl With No Name" (Hillman) - Another Hillman country excursion. That's Clarence White once again adding some wonderful guitar licks. Girl Freiberg was an actual person."Why" (McGuinn/Crosby) - It's hard to understand why Crosby insisted "Why" be included on the album. A gutsier version had already been released long before as the B-side of "Eight Miles High."The following album outtakes were included in the 1996 CD reissue:"It Happens Each Day" (Crosby) - Crosby should have fought for the inclusion of this number instead of "Why.""Don't Make Waves" (McGuinn/Hillman) - Used on the soundtrack of the Tony Curtis/Claudia Cardinale movie by the same title. Embarrassing."My Back Pages" (Dylan) - Alternate version."Mind Gardens" (Crosby) - Alternate version. Simpler, gentler take."Lady Friend" (Crosby) - Recorded over several sessions in the spring of 1967. Crosby kicked the other Byrds out of the studio and recorded the multiple vocal tracks all by himself. Released as a single on July 13 with "Old John Robertson." Peaked at #82."Old John Robertson" (McGuinn/Hillman) - A country song with strings in the bridge. A different version would appear on "The Notorious Byrd Brothers." Clarence White adds some tasty country licks."Mind Gardens" (Crosby) - Some of the guitar parts as they were originally recorded prior to the backward tracking.
From classic speed metal this album everything that IS metal. From classics like I am The Law and Among the Living, Anthrax shows why they are veterans of the rock world and how these new 'poser' bands just cannot compare musically or lyrically. Their usage of speed and heavy riffs, combined with brilliant vocals makes me wonder what happened to society. How have we come to let poser bands rule when bands like Anthrax still exist with such complexity to their music. One will never know. Britney and the Backstreet Boys probably have deals with Satan and this is my new found hell. Metal! Come back we miss you!!
Ditto to all the other reviewers who have praised this book! What a great way to foster a love of reading into our young kids! I also read it to my kindergarten class and have them participate in the thump-thump-thump as characters climb and descend the stairs, and of course sing Mortimer's noisy song. :-) Easily one of the best stories for kids ever!
This book was one of the few I first purchased when beginning my walk with herbs and natural healing. The introduction clearly states that herbs are a useful medicine, with Avila and Fetrow explaining why this is so, backing up their opinion, and stating why herbs have been turned away from.Regrettably, their opinion seems to change once you actually read past the introduction.95% or more of the book is a standard reference, listed alphabetically by herb. Every herb is discussed very, very briefly - this is a minimal reference guide at best. A paragraph is devoted to the herb, then a list of its use, then side effects, then the ending warning. That's it, really. It seems more like this is an herb-warning book than an actual herbal, as the bulk of the page will consist of cautions/warnings/contradictions, and not actual use of the herb.Amusingly herbs are mentioned that every herbalist knows not to take without being extremely experienced, as the plants are poisonous. This book does not really mention that, instead making it appear like people and herbalists use these poisonous plants all the time and shouldn't. When it is recommended that an expert be consulted, very rarely does it say, "consult your herbalist or naturopath". Instead it's primarily "consult your physician."I echo the reviewer who states they list any possible side effect, like 1 in a billion. You can read side effects here that won't be mentioned anywhere else, no matter how long you look. They also don&#8217;t seem too fond in listing that some of these side effects are extremely rare, or common in almost every pharmaceutical drug out there &#8211; such as nausea, headache, - or that the symptoms can be mild. Even herbs which list almost zero side effects, WITH research listed that backs them up, they still find a way not to recommend it! They may say, while research shows this moderately works and is generally safe, you can try a prescription drug that works better. Seriously! It&#8217;s a no win situation! To top even this off, they state in many herbs that no research exists, while I know for a fact there are studies out there.Sometimes wording is effective brain washing. The first herb mentioned, Aconite, is toxic. It has been used by people in the past to commit suicide, as has every other poisonous substance. Yet they did not word it that way. Instead, &#8220;In fact, this herb was once used as a poison in arrows and has been linked to many suicides.&#8221; Linked how, as in causing them? Is this a warning against the herb, as if the suicides are the herbs fault? Even in Aloe Vera, they say that studies indicate Aloe may be useful for healing, but are quick to point out in the same sentence that studies aren&#8217;t well documented. And of course the standard follow up with the FDA recognizing the herb as generally safe, but not recommending it for any condition.In the beginning of the book under general precautions, they state that one should not take any herb during pregnancy and that one should not take any herb for any serious condition. It would difficult to find many herbalists, homeopaths, naturopaths, or other natural care providers who agree with the above statements. Books have been written on pregnancy and childbirth involving herbs alone, and research really HAS been done. Claiming they shouldn&#8217;t be used for any serious condition is dismissing them as folklore, right up front, intended only to try on mild, harmless sniffles and bruises. It creates a mind set; a subtle one, but still a mind set.I didn&#8217;t get the recommendation to never take an herbal cocktail, as they call it, where more than one herb is in a formula. They claimed experts don&#8217;t know how herbs mix. (?) Which experts? Surely not experts who study phytomedicine or other non-biased research in combining herbs. As most pharmaceutical companies seem to be trying to push to promote &#8216;drug based herbs&#8217; they can have control and profit over, standardization is recommended in products bought. For some strange reason, it also says not to buy products over the internet, in magazines, brochures or broadcast media. Do they think Walmart grows and does their own herbs, or other natural stores? From my experience, most of the &#8220;supplements&#8221; sold in those places are the lesser quality found anywhere.The book finishes with a few indexes of natural health supplements, including royal jelly, bee pollen, shark cartilage, etc, and recommends not to use any of these. One of the biggest slaps in the face was their stating on bee pollen never having conclusive research; it is amazingly simple for anyone to type in the words bee pollen research, or something similar, and pull up countless supportive studies.Sadly, this book is written by pharmacists and it shows. If the pharmacist were not bias, I would welcome his/her contribution, but this is - again - not the case. It almost seems like people are hired by the drug companies to pen herbals to subtly sway people away from seeking out natural healing remedies. This should be one of the bibles for those kinds. One of my favorite things to look forward to in an herbal is personal experience a clinician has had, and of course none is found here. I would doubt the authors use many herbs at all.All this being said, there are redeeming points here and there on this book. Some of the side effects really do exist and it is nice to see a book not run from listing a potential reaction of an herb. Some books praise plants so much they almost seem afraid of listing real contradictions and issues that can be found with them. This book also discusses a very large amount of herbs, a welcome change from those that discuss "30" or less. Each herb had a great wrap up, listing other names it's known by and commercial products it is sold as. AND, finally, the book is very reasonably priced.If you are interested in herbs and just starting out, I recommend a much less biased book, something that's actually fair and not so one sided. This one doesn't go into enough detail on any herb - what it does and why, or any credible personal usage - and it doesn't take the time to explain much else. It's a good reference for those who are looking for a list of side effects and precautions, and that already know a little on herbs and have other herbals lining their shelves, but that&#8217;s it as a bare minimum.
It is obvious that there are a great many Beatles fanatics-with the emphasis on fanatic-out there, judging from all the five star ratings this release has received here. Some sense of balance is apparently necessary to stop this insanity. We all know that Paul was unhappy about the Spectorized version of Let It Me, but in an interview before he died, John stated emphatically that Phil Spector took what he thought were "badly recorded" songs with "no feeling" and transformed them into an album that didn't cause him to "puke" when he heard it. Ringo, on the other hand, has lauded Paul on what is clearly a vanity project. Of course, Spector co-produced some of Lennon's solo work (as he did Harrison), so John might have been a biased observer. So who is right? I suppose on initial listen these familiar songs sound pleasantly different-as atmosphere. They might even work as a historical document. But if one puts on the headphones and gets one-on-one with the music, only the fanatic can escape the truth of Lennon's judgement. This collection of songs does sound poorly recorded, distanced, thin and for the most part depressing. Considering the atmosphere surrounding the recording, this shouldn't be surprising; most of the songs here were never even meant to be album material, but merely a "rehearsal" for a concert only Paul ever really wanted to do. It is clear that Spector performed miracles transforming this record into anything approaching studio quality; even the song that most people were curious about the changes to, The Long and Winding Road, bears this out. The version on the Naked release sounds incredibly depressing, belying the hopefulness of the lyrics; on Spector's version, the soaring orchestration brings out the hopefulness that was implied. And there are many other examples to demonstrate that Paul's idea of what this album should sound like were yet another Magical Mystery Tour film-like blunder. Many of the songs simply sound unfinished, and what in the world is that bizarre organ finale on Let It Be supposed to mean? If former Village Voice music critic Robert Christgau thought the Spector version sounded "ornate" what might he think of this laughable "augmentation"? I for one would have been more than happy if the Let It Be film was released on DVD, and this poorly-conceived effort ditched. It would have much easier to take seeing a band in the throes of disintegration, rather than be forced to listen to it.
would have no "now, the local weather forecast" music without Fattburger (and Spyro Gyra). This group never deviates from its reliable formula of Evan Marks' guitar shining on a few tracks (that he presumedly wrote) then dragging through several average collaborative efforts with Hollis Gentry showing up unannounced like he's still trying out for the band (he's not yet listed as an official member). Sizzlin is a very strong opening number and stretches out at the end into a faux-hammond groove. Stay A Little Longer the next track is a nice R/B flavored track built around Hollis' soprano. You're Finally Here is a tasty ensenble number with a little flugel horn slipped in for texture. Then that inevitable dragging thing sets in until Mr C the final track which is the band cutting loose 70's Crusader "Scratch" style-this time with a real Hammond. Sizzlin has enough substance to satisfy and meets expectations of Fattburger affectionados.
Plot Summary: Yelena is a prisoner condemned to die in the make-believe land of Ixia. A revolution turned this former monarchy into a communist-like state, ruled by paper protocols, spartan living, and a rigid code of behavior. Her scheduled execution is averted when the Commander's food taster dies, and his chief of security, Valek, offers Yelena the job. She figures anything is better than dying, and she becomes a poison apprentice with the master assassin Valek as her tutor. Yelena's enemies are furious that she's escaped the hangman's noose, and they're determined to deliver their own brand of justice.I had a rotten head cold today, so my brain is mush, and I'm extremely grateful that I had this book for company instead of something bland. This is a fabulous introduction book to a fantasy series about magic and romance, and the pacing was just about perfect. I have to say that I read Snyder's novel,Storm Glass (Glass, Book 1), a week ago, and I didn't like it nearly as much as I enjoyed this one. After book one I'm hooked on the Study Series, and it seems that my taste is running toward these fantasy worlds that are loosely based on history. Get ready for horses, castles and hand-to-hand combat.Yelena is a refreshingly bright heroine. She knows that no one will believe her story, so instead of blabbing about her traumatic past, she focuses on what she can accomplish in the here and now. She's convinced that her soul was been beaten from her body, but she's always trying to improve herself, and I can't help but admire that trait. Yelena's burgeoning and uncontrollable magic powers are a heavy burden, and an automatic death-sentence in Ixia, so she wisely keeps mum on that score too. She's just one smart cookie.With the heroine already made of such good stuff, I'm more than satisfied, but what pushes this story up to the next level is the hero, Valek. He's got that steely-eyed, unbeatable warrior mojo, and he's got a brain too! Synder doesn't write about dummies, and that includes the bad guys as well. The plot didn't knock me flat with any surprises, and yeah, maybe it was a tad predictable, but that's my only criticism. The relationship between Yelena and Valek is what made me a customer. No sex scenes, alas, but enough of that first-love romance to keep me happy. The next two books in the series areMagic StudyandFire Study (Study, Book 3), and I wonder if this is meant to be a trilogy, or if more books are coming? I checked the author's website, but it wasn't clear.
I was so excited when I finally heard the last of the episodes of C.O.P.S. was finally going to be on DVD. This show really takes me back. I find it ironic that while they limited the violence such as punches, kicks and anything traumatic to the series, they never showed any reluctance by putting out a toy line that let kids use potentially dangerous, smelly firing caps, that if you're not careful you could catch your hand or finger, and of course that little homage to A CHRISTMAS STORY, you know the one. "You'll shoot your eye out."
I understand the Jayhawks were in fact from Minnesota, not Kansas, but it is of little import. This was a quintessentially heartland band, as midwestern as cornfields. Honest, unvarnished. I know it is generally regarded that the Jayhawks were at their best when Louris & Olson were together, but this disk is at least as good as Hollywood Town Hall or Green Grass. Highlights include Will I see you in Heaven, Tailspin ... but its really not about highlights. The totality is greater than the sum of the parts. It hangs together well, as an album. The bonus disk is nice, but this is a great record, with or without it (though the acoustic version of waiting for the sun is particularly nice.
Sorry, thought this was rubbish. Characters are thin, the plot thinner, and the 'masterful conclusion' that the jacket blurb promised, the only reason I read this terrible book to the end, just wasn't there at all.I know Campbell is supposed to be a legend, but on the evidence of this, I can't see why. I've read one other of his books, The Claw, which thankfully was far better, and I only hope his others are also better. This is his debut, apparently, so I'll let him off.But come on - and sorry, this really gets me - we're faced with a good guy called Chris, and a bad guy called Christopher, and we're not expected to realise it might turn out to be the same person? Give the reader some credit, please.The only good thing about this book is that it's short. Don't bother, you'll be wasting your time. I've read a lot of books, and very rarely do I think this little of them.Terrible.
For the sisters (and other kin) out there who feel enough celluloid has been wasted on seemingly inescapable dogmas of queer film- coming out, coming out then going back in the closet, coming out then committing suicide- D.E.B.S was created especially for you. Written and directed by the multi-talented Angela Robinson, this feature-length version is anything but your usual gay fare; it's smart, it's beautiful, and best of all, it's funny!The plotline, at first glance, reads like the typical Hollywood staple of heroes versus evildoer. Four teenage spies- Amy, Dominique, Max and Janet- from an elite paramilitary organization known as D.E.B.S have been assigned to follow the movements of the gorgeous crime heiress, Lucy Diamond. Of course, things go very awry and get very complicated very quickly, much to our pleasure. Mix in a dash of sassy one-liners, a big dollop of pop-culture satires, blend with a kickass soundtrack, and heat it up with some steamy chemistry, and Ms. Robinson has a delicious debut that will surely draw comparisons to Charlie's Angels and But I'm a Cheerleader. The only thing left half-baked would be the special effects, which feel at times like premature sketches on the storyboard. That aside, kudos to the casting team for picking out some fresh faces who work well as an ensemble, and have genuine talents to offer besides being obvious look-alikes.D.E.B.S is in every way a fresh departure from the has-beens of LGBT movies, and a herald of great things to come. From my perch at the top of the Brattle Theater, the future of queer film just got brighter.
This is easily one of the most remarkable novels in all of modern American letters. Granted, it dwells in that rarified and charicteristically self-selecting family of novels such as "Gravity's Rainbow," "Under the Volcano," "Moby Dick," The Sound an the Fury" or, even, "Absalom, Absalom,"etc., etc.The thing about this book that gets me-and it shares this with all of the above- is how it resonates in the soul, man! This book- lumbering, frustrating, maddening thing that it is- ultimately folds you into it; you, as the reader hauling all his or her own correspondences and shared history-become complicit in all the smallness and grandeur of the later 20th century DeLillo evokes. And, ultimately, this book changes the way you think, the way you see things, and the manner in which you participate in your own culture.
Amazing documentary about the MPAA, how it operates in secrecy, and what that means for movie consumers - mainly, a board of people with dubious credentials and experience make decisions about what you and I can and cannot see in a movie theater. For a serious topic, the documentary is hilarious and takes a light-hearted approach. If, like me, you believe that adults should be allowed to make their own informed decisions about what they can and can't watch, this is a great expose on just how much power the MPAA raters have to change the content of what you and I watch. If you love movies, don't miss this DVD!
My 2-year-old daughter is FASCINATED with The Wiggles and loves this DVD. The songs do get slightly irritating for adults (I find myself singing them during the day) but they are catchy for kids. Also, instead of sitting like a lump in front of the tv, she is up dancing around and singing with The Wiggles. Who knows, maybe it will inspire her to make millions doing kids videos when she is older!!
The filter's hose is OK, I have a 30 gallon tank with two turtles about 6 inches. One of the problem with the filter is that the hose isn't long enough so it's sucking in water on half of the tank's level. The plastic looks like it can break easy when hanging it, but I have used it for about a week and no problems.
We got this book when our dog was recently diagnosed with Lymphoma. This really is a great book and I highly recommend to anyone having to go through this tough journey. I only give it 4 stars though because you really need to take everything she says with a grain of salt and NEVER do anything without discussing with your vet first. Some of the things she talks about, my vet(s) did not agree with. We got three opinions on our dogs condition and all the vets did not agree with everything she said. BUT, this is a great book to educate yourself and it gave us a great starting point on asking intelligent questions of our vet(s) and what to expect.
I had the pleasure of seeing Gisele Ben-Dor herself (who directs the LSO in this recording) conduct the suite from "Estancia" live. At the time I had never even heard of Ginastera, but nonetheless emerged from the concert hooked for life. So picture this: take "Bolero" and "The Rite of Spring" and mash them together, and you bascially get "Estancia". Trust me, its a real knockout.
Murder mysteries are just not my genre, but I do like Castle. Nathan Fillion from Firefly is a hoot and Susan Sullivan, who plays his mother, give it a light-hearted edge.
This is a well made and high quality grease gun for the DIY home mechanic. The head of this unit is very heavy duty with the remainder of the unit being well made. After loosening the coupler with 2 pairs of pliers, loading the grease cartridge and priming the gun, I had no problems using this on my 2000 Jeep Cherokee 4X4. Atleast now I know the grease job is getting done unlike when I took it to the quick oil change drive-thru and had to hope that the guy in the pit took the time to do it. Great product at a great price. I highly recommend this product !!
For owners of Cuisinart coffee makers, this filter works with all Cuisinart 10, 12 and 14-cup cone filter coffee makers, according to a note on the side of the filter's box. It mentions the DCC-2600, DCC-2700, DCC-1100, DCC-1150, DCC-1200, and shows a photo of other drip coffee machines. It then states, "Fits all other Cuisinart 10, 12, and 14-cup cone filter coffeemakers." So if you have a Cuisinart, this GTF model should work for you.I ordered theCuisinart GTF Gold Tone Filterfor my as a replacement filter to paper filters because I do not always want to use paper filters: sometimes I am in the mood for a gold tone filter which imparts a different taste to the coffee.Gold tone filters do by nature bring more sediment to the coffee pot and to a cup of coffee: you will find that echoed in Cuisinart coffee maker product videos by the manufacturer as well. However, I do not mind a bit of sediment in my coffee.I was very pleased to learn that this filter does indeed fit myBonavita BV1800 8-Cup Coffee Maker, the Thermal Carafe model. It fits inside of my Bonavita's filter basket, which means I can use it instead of a paper filter.It makes incredible coffee and on top of that, this Cuisinart gold tone filter has the added bonus of having a handle that I can use to lift it out of my coffee maker once it has finished brewing.I have had Cuisinart gold tone filters in the past and they have always had a long life. I am hoping for the same with this one. Will update if anything changes. Also: no plastic taste with this filter, an added bonus. Cuisinart uses BPA free plastic, so all you will taste is coffee.
really cannot agree with other reviewers who raved about this performance.I think the major drawback is three-fold:(1) the conducting;(2) the protagonist Bartoli; and(3) the protagonist Daniels.As for the goodies, I'd mention first and foremost the pitch perfect, tone perfect, diction perfect, interpretation perfect performance of Luba Orgonasova, one of the foremost coloratura sopranos of the early 21st century.Her Armida is about the only 'shine' in this performance. And Gerald Finley's Argante matches up to her almost 95% of the time, hence this supporting pair really saved an otherwise lackluster performance. Other adequate performances come primarily from Mehta and Taylor, with Bernanda Fink to a lessor extent. So you see - ALL the BIG names are NOT on par with the lessor names.It is time to STOP believing in big names, perhaps.Cecilia Bartoli's Almirena is a joke - a dry-voiced, husky mezzo-soprano, no way comparable to Miah Pierrson for Rene Jacobs, though Pierrson isn't the perfect Almirena, either. Bartoli's 'Lascio chi'o pianga' is pathetically 'under' - it is undramatic, unlyrical, and quite flat.Then the title role of David Daniels. Again, it is high time to wake up from that absurd dream of trying to equate a castrato with a countertenor. Daniels is a good singer, with perfect technique. There is absolutely nothing to fault his performance here - except that - and a BIG exception it is - his timber.His voice is apt for sacred repertoire or the tragic roles. NOT a heroic role like Rinaldo. It is a mockery of the highest order to thus miscast the hero of Handel's opera.
I hated the protaganist from the very beginning, but strangely enough I enjoyed the film itself immensely.The lead male, with whom we are supposed to sympathise, was obviously told to do his very best Woody Allen impersonation, ...which he does, ...much to my irritation. We get the usual constant New York over-analytical voice-overed babble that made Allen and his many neuroses such a self-caricature in the end. The actor even dresses in ill-fitting oversize clothing, as did Allen. It's as though Allen really wanted to play the lead himself, but he was too old so he just hired an impersonator.That aside, ....the film opens with a lingering homage to Paris, ...the "tourist" Paris, ...which is probably the one we all want to see anyway. For some inexplicable reason known only to Allen it's all shot through a deep orange gel. I can only suggest it was meant to symbolise "warm memories"?If indeed this is the case then those memories must have been viewed through one of those Tandoori Chicken spray-tans we see on women nowadays.The story itself has been well documented here. It requires you to suspend disbelief and ignore holes in the plot large enough to run the Metro through, but it's one of those movies where you can thoroughly enjoy sitting back and just letting it all wash over you. The strongest performances are all from bit players, ....Kathy Bates is a standout as Gertrude Stein.The bride-to-be's parents are truly obnoxious American snobs, ....sadly not all that hard to find in today's Paris, although the mother does get some of the best lines.Wait for "And cheap is cheap I say!" Perfect!The bride herself is just SO vapid, shallow and self-obsessed that you cannot believe even the Woody Allen impersonator could ever have fallen for her in the first place, much less made it right through engagement and onto the impending marriage situation.It's not giving anything away when I say that you too will know in about the first 15 minutes that she will be found out as having it off with the "know-it-all".What is interesting about this movie is that the "real" people are just character "types", ......one dimensional and very stereotyped, while the fantasy characters have much more depth and end up stealing the show, ...along with the romantic City of Paris, which is probably the real star.A case of imagination being stronger than reality perhaps?I must confess that I have a fascination with Paris, ( I live there for six or so months each year), and the characters we see in the periods revisited during the course of this movie, so the historical re-creations of both people and places held the most interest for me.You'll all know where this movie is going, but the journey is a very pleasant and picturesque one if you are able to just go along with it all. It's a fantasy, and whether any of it is meant to be actuality or it all takes place in the lead's over-active imagination doesn't really matter.(No, he doesn't seem to drink absinthe at any stage.....)Personally I'd have dreamed up some serious injuries indeed to get out of marrying the air-head and becoming part of her profoundly irritating family. That's injury for them, .....not me.I kept hoping he'd throw her off the troisieme etage of the Eiffel Tower and push Mom & Dad under a speeding Metro!The know-it-all gets EXACTLY what he deserves in the end,(hurrah!) ......although I thought the VERY attractive, well mannered and bright guide at the Musee Rodin a far better prospect than the teenager from the flea markets for Mr. Allen.....sorry, I must remember it was Owen Wilson!But then Mr. Allen always had that penchant for VERY YOUNG girls didn't he!Probably goes a long way towards explaining the ending.......Trivial Footnote: I wonder why the poster specifically references Van Gogh's night sky over Paris when that particular artist is never mentioned at all in the film?
Vane Kattalakis is a Were Hunter with no pack. Bride McTierney is a normal human being. In this installment of the Dark Hunter series, Kenyon gives us a better understanding of the Katagaria and Arcadian worlds.I enjoyed this novel, as I have the other Were novels. I thought the plot was well crafted and the action paced well. The supporting characters have a depth themselves, especially if you've read the other books in the series.Bride is a a sensible heroine and I appreciated her size. Vane is a lovable sort of hero and despite him being described as feral and dangerous on numerous occasions I had trouble seeing him as anything else than a big, loving puppy.I enjoyed their story and look forward to reading Fury's, which I hope Kenyon will write soon.
If people really wanted to change the world for good they should take music like this and burn all the cd's! Nelly is another rap artist with to much time on his hands and not enough brains. The music is redundant and goes on and on. Everyone says the music is really good and catchy but they fail to see a few things. 86% of musically artists don't give a rat's *ss about there fans and second what's so big about music that has hardly any effort put into it? All you do is program a drum beat and talk about doing drugs or smaking ho's. And women think this is sexy?Nelly is one of the many artists who is brainwashing teenagers these days into becoming tramps. And the music is scrubbing there brains clean because many fail to see how the music has a huge effect on people. And this music is for sure bad bad bad!In conclusion I have done a scientific study....listen to the music you want but if you want to be like this clown Nelly you are doomed in life to be nothing but a wanna-be gangster.0 stars out of 10 stars
This is a dumb idea. It takes up valuable counter space, you have to keep refilling it, when it is half empty it looks ridiculous. If you or your guests drink more than one cup each, it looks like a defragmented tree. Plus it is chrome PLATED... not even stainless steel. Yuck.
First let me say that many people do not like to watch B&W motion pictures, let alone anything from the early 1930's. This especially applies to people that don't know what it was like to watch television in B&W. This movie may help you to open your mind and change your way of thinking. This movie is surprisingly good. Keep in mind that acting back then tended to be a more dramatic than it is today. Even so, Frederich March delivers top notch performances as both Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. So good in fact that he won an academy award. The visual transformation into Mr Hyde is quite remarkable considering the era. Special effects were still in their infancy. There were no computer generated imaging that we have today. Just a lot of imagination and untested waters. As the viewer, you experience real empathy for the lives that are touched by both Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. It reminded me a bit of Jack and Rose from the Titanic. Two people that are perfect for each other but can never be. What was amazing to me was seeing Frederich March doing his own stunts as Mr Hyde, who could be quite acrobatic at times. All in all, a most enjoyable film and one I highly recommend! PS: My other favorite film from the early 1930's you should check out is the original King Kong. No other version comes close.
I dislike electric ranges, but I DESPISE glass-top ranges. The clean up is a HASSLE and Weiman adds to the hassle.1. Wipe on cleaner and scrub pad is required because this stuff does not clean.2. SCRUB and scrub and scrub and make a wish that won't come true.3. Wait for the cleaner to dry thoroughly (too soon and it's a hassle again).4. Wait... No quick clean ups here.5. Wipe flakes off with paper towel, elbow grease required again.6. Now clean up the mess of white flakes all over the range?!Never dreamed of using a hand-held vac on my range.7. Discover your wish did not come true and now the burnt spots show up better on a polished range.Save yourself the elbow grease and a used up wish.Use Cook Top brand instead - available on Amazon also.
Sales of V for Vindetta increased dramatically when the movie came out earlier this year. I happened to be one of those guys that wanted to read the graphic novel before I saw the movie. I am so grateful that I did.The movie is somewhat entertaining and I did enjoy it, but the Wackowski brothers turned the classic story into a Bush bashing movie which upset me greatly. In fact, you can in several places while pausing the movie see signs that say some horrific things about President Bush. Very childish behavior in my opinion but I digress. This is not a review of the movie but of the book in which it is based off.There is a reason why Alan Moore wanted nothing to do with the movie and didn't want his name anywhere to be seen. The movie completely waters down the beauty of this book. V for Vindetta tells a great story of a futuristic London that has fallen into corrupt government hands, and how one lone person is able to motivate thousands that have been depressed into fighting back for their freedoms and rights.Very intertaining and highly recommended for any comic book fan. Read it. Think about it, and read it again. V for Vindetta is worth every penny.Note to parents: This book is not for younger readers but for mature audiences only. Adult situations, adult language, nudity and sex, is throughout this book. Reader Discression is advised.
Okay, in short: I LOVED this book! But I did need the tissues quite a few times (almost every chapter, if not more often than that). I got this book at the library because I'd had so many people tell me, "You've GOT to read this book. YOU would LOVE it!" So, I grabbed it on Friday. I finished on Saturday. I found it VERY hard to put down.In a nutshell, what this book has going for it is VOICE. The main character (as you know if you've read enough reviews about this one) is a dead girl in heaven. Her story, while fast-paced and thrilling is also one that tugs at your heart. You really want the bad guy to get caught and for her family to find her body, so they'll have closure in their lives. Will her family move on without her? Will they remember her? You sit down with Susie and feel all of her wonderings and desires. The scenes with her family, who were having such a difficult time dealing with her disappearance and death, were the most heartbreaking scenes that I've read in a long time.Will you like the book? Probably. I LOVED it. This is definitely the BEST book I have read in a while. If Oprah still had her book club running with new books (she's into classics now) this would have been an excellent choice for her and there's no doubt in my mind that she would have picked this book. When you read this book, grab one for a friend too. You'll want to talk to someone who has read it and it will drive you crazy if you have no one to talk to. Trust me! :)
Complete piece of garbage. Wont connect to anything I own, and is near impossible to turn ON half the time.It also CANT be changed to fit on your other ear, the earpiece will NOT come out. Yes, its the H500 in pink. It isnt even pink, its a beige-red.At the hassle of repackaging the near-leathal deathtrap of packaging this is, and the $8 to ship back, it went in the garbage instead.Hey, Motorola, you know why you lost Alcatel's contract (I worked for them, also in Motorola's test lab in 2000) and your stock is in the toilet? For reasons like not spending one cent per unit and making the packaging non-lethal.
My six-year-old got some money from Grandma for Christmas, and spent it on the RC Power Sweeper. He loves it, and the rest of us have great fun with it too! Finally there's a fun way to pick up all the stray balls that inevitably end up scattered around the play area. The engineering is excellent; the vehicle is strong and the sweeper is effective. When it dumps its balls out the back tipper, some always end up staying in the slanted front portion -- but this is fine, because the sweeper comes with extra balls, so you can just leave that part always loaded, or you can reverse the sweeper to spit them out the front.This vehicle is slightly harder to control than other Rokenbok vehicles we've tried, because it's the first to use all four buttons (for sweeper in/out and tipper up/down). But my son got the hang of it quickly and was soon zipping around the layout, sweeping up balls, and then purposely dumping more out just so he could sweep those up too. I highly recommend this toy.
The Culture of Fear is a book the demonstrates the ignorance of the American public and the willingness of major media outlets to pray on such ignorance in order to make easy points about issues that are really quite complex.To wit: in an anecdote about anti-abortionists, Glassner relates the story of certain of the lunatic fringe of anti-abortionists claiming that a woman who has an abortion has a greater chance of developing breast cancer. Media reports and politicians' please followed. The underlying problem with these claims was that they were reductive: the reduced a complex problem about epidemiology, probability, and statistical analysis to 'abortion = high chance of breast cancer'. That such an equation is emotive and not conducive to intelligent discussion of how cancers develop is not lost on Glassner but is lost on the American publics thirst for easy answers.What Glassner alludes to, but never squarely comes to terms with, is that Americans by and large are ill-educated, ignorant, deficient in comprehension of mathematics, and utterly devoid of any understanding of scientific inquiry and the scientific method. Instead, far too many Americans are seduced by the canivalesque emotion of the evening news; Dan Rather's stentorian authoriatarianism being sufficient proof that the end of the world is nigh.On these points, Glassner excels: Americans are deluged with emotionalism and sensationalism, all to the detriment of intelligent discourse on the issue at hand. But he does not finish this argument; namely, that America has inculcated in itself a culture in which such ignorance and naivete can flourish, and even be tolerated and expected. That is an interesting discussion Glassner does not touch.Despite these good qualities, there are times when Glassner becomes didactic in tone, especially when discussing the Catholic Church and the issue of gun control. On the one hand he claims the demonization of the Catholic Church is misplaced (he claims sexual predators among the clergy is not as widespread as it appears to be) and on the other, he hews to the simplistic argument about guns that the mere existence of guns promulgates murders with guns.Neither of these positions really holds up to scrutiny. While Glassner makes the interesting point that the Church ought to be criticized on the basis of its affiliations with certain political parties in Europe, that is really irrelevant to the discssion of the Church here in the United States, what with its rampant denials of widespread abuse by priests. He in effect is saying, the Church ought to be criticized, but not because of sexual abuse by priests. He fails to explain why the Church's affiliation with certain political parties in Europe (which he fails to mention by name) is a more worthy basis of criticism than is the wanton abuse of children by priests.On the issue of guns, Glassner asserts that, if there were fewer guns (i.e., more gun control) there would be fewer murders. No doubt this is true, however, he comes to this conclusion by effectively saying that the mere presence of guns contributes to mass slaughter. This is like saying the mere presence of alcohol in a bar makes you drunk. In both cases, of course, it takes the conscious action of a person for an undesired effect to occur.
I'm a new T & S fan after hearing "So Jealous" and "Love Type Thing" on the L Word. It took me a minute to get used to their unique voices but now I'm loving this album. It's mellow but not boring and all of the songs flow. Great music and lyrics too.
I'm not joking when I say I play this album more than any other in my collection. Vince Giordano and The Nighthawks play hot dance band music of the 1920s, but since these tracks were recorded in the mid-1980s, you get this great music without the pops, hiss, and surface noise of old 78 rpm records. As the title indicates, this CD focuses on music played by Jean Goldkette's orchestra in the late 1920s, arguably the decade's "hottest" white dance band. The Nighthawks are joined by Spiegle Willcox, a trombonist who played in the Goldkette Band in the 1920s, and the arrangements are all by the noted arranger, Bill Challis. Tom Pletcher does an uncanny recreation of Bix Beiderbecke's famous cornet solo on Singin' The Blues, and the musicianship throughout the entire disc is top-notch. Not all of the tracks on this disc were recorded by the famous Goldkette band in the 1920s, so this is the closest thing we have to hearing the Goldkette band "live." All of the recordings on this disc were made in a studio with only two microphones, so each selection has an amazing "presence" to it--there are no fancy electronic tricks, just good music played by musicians who know what they're doing, captured in modern stereo sound. My only gripe--and it's a small one--is that occasionally some of the tunes seem just a bit slow.I had to hunt for over a year to find my copy of this disc several years ago, and I'm glad to see Amazon has picked it up. This is a disc that deserves to be heard. If you like 1920s dance band music, you'll love this disc. I made a tape of my CD to listen to in the car and find it makes excellent music for the road.
Didn't know what to expect for under $10, but it proved to be worth the gamble.This cable appears to be well constructed and it works fine for me(amateur use, infrequent setup/teardowns).It's a decent 15 feet long, and has a locking button on the female end.I'm quite happy with it.
This book is for wealthy house wives wanting nice ideas on how to decorate their home, NOT for aspiring pro architecture photographers.I don't understand how this book got so many positive reviews. No real useful technical howto, 4 poorly drawn diagrams. The author is not sharing his secrets of course ! If you want some useful info, try "Photographing Buildings Inside and Out by McGrath, Norman "
I like a bit of hot sauce now and again... I am a big fan of BBQ sauces... but this is more like a sweet ketchup - made with mangos instead of tomatoes - with a punch from the hababeros. It is not make-your-eyes-water hot. It is spicy however.The sauce was good added to Progresso Black Bean soup. I added a bit to grocery store hummus to give it a little kick. I tried it on left-over turkey sandwiches (VG!) and on fried ham slices I served with omletes (a bit too sugary). The sauce is pretty sweet, so I learned: when I add a tablespoon of this sauce, I also add a tablespoon of lemon or lime juice to counterbalance the sugar.I first tried cooking with the sauce by thinly coating cod filets and then grilling over a medium low fire. The sauce definitely overwhelmed the white fish. All I could taste was mango-sugar-hot sauce.Then I tried a 2 pound pork tenderloin on the grill. Thinly coated it with equal amounts of sauce and lemon juice and grilled it over medium. It was 25 minutes to heavenly bliss.Then I made a sweet potato chicken curry and put a 1/2 cup of the sauce in it. YUM YUM YUM. Here is the recipe:1 tablespoon cooking oil1 tablespoon Taste of Thai Red Curry Paste1 tablespoon of fish sauce1 medium yellow onion, cut in 1/2" dice1 sweet potato, peeled and cut in 1/4" slices4 split chicken breasts (skin and bone-on)1 13.5 oz. can coconut milk1/2 cup Mango Ginger Habanero Sauce1/4 cup lime juice2 tablespoons dark brown sugar1 red bell pepper, cored and sliced 1/4" thick2 cups long grain white ricegarnishes: shredded coconut, thin lime slicesIn a 5 quart dutch oven (or "chef's pan"), heat oil over medium high heat. Stir in Red Curry Paste and fish sauce. Cook and stir until the curry paste is dissolved. Stir in onions and sweet potato slices. Cook and stir until brown - about 5 minutes. Push them to the side of the pan (if your pan has room) or put them in a medium bowl to wait.Turn the heat to medium. Add chicken, skin-side down. Cook the chicken on medium until it begins to brown, about 10 minutes. Turn it to coat it with the spices. If you took the onions out earlier add them (and any juices in the bowl) back to the pan and toss to coat.In the bowl, whisk together the coconut milk, Habanero Sauce, the lime juice and brown sugar until blended. Pour over the chicken. As the mixture heats, turn the chicken and vegetables to coat them well. Scrape up any brown bits on the bottom of the pan. As the sauce reaches boiling, turn chicken skin-side up, scatter red bell pepper over all and loosely cover the pot. Reduce heat to medium low. Simmer with the lid slightly ajar for 30 minutes - or until the sauce is smooth and the chicken and sweet potatoes are tender.While the curry finishes, cook the 2 cups of rice according to the package directions.Serve the chicken curry over rice. You can top it with a bit of shredded coconut and a lime slice or two if you would like.It made 4 generous servings. The recipe doubles easily for leftovers and it was (needless to say), even better the next day. I also put individual servings in a Rubbermaid entree-sized freezer container with rice on the bottom - sort of my own version of Lean Cuisine! It was very tasty reheated!Happy cooking!
Great Bible study book for small groups. Talks about the things we need to deal with where we live every day. Great Biblical basis and insights as usual for Kay Arthur.
It's been worth the wait. Although it took me on the third time through listening, &quot;Tear From the Red&quot; is such a great album. They picked up some more melody but kept their hard touch. I will admit it took some time for me to get into it fully, but now that I have it's stayong on repeat. My personal favorites are &quot;Lazarro&quot; and &quot;Sticks and Stones Never Made Sense.&quot; There isn't much else to say. It's just good, so buy it now.
I always wanted a bag with good straps so that it is comfortable during long journey. This one is no doubt this product meets my expectation. Multiple compartments and big trouble free zippers.
This item is just what I needed, it raises my CPU up off the floor & rolls great on my laminate floor. Does just what it is supposed to do.
First I'd like to say that my deadbolt fell apart and I couldn't wait the 4 days it would take to get this over the Holiday weekend. So, I went to Lowe's - where I paid $12 more than the price here (one hundred and seventeen 88). So the "retail" is hyper inflated. My son installed it, I think it took about a half an hour, this includes fixing a fit problem and resetting the codes. It's so much fun! go out - press the button, turn the knob - to come in - even with hands full all you do is press the buttons, turn the knob and open the door. Fantastic. Want to give out keys - instead, give out the code, no need to remember to get duplicate keys made. Some one needs to get in the house and you're not there. No need to leave a key somewhere or "hide" it. Just give them the code, or create one for "emergencies" this thing will hold 19 user codes. You can even change the programming code to your unique one. There's a great video on YouTube from Schlage showing you how to program it, too. I'm not sure how long it will last, but it's built very solidly so I expect it to last for years and years. I would have gone with the Link had it not been for the exorbitant monthly service fee.
I heard Blacklisted when it was played over WBUR in Boston. The drama was gripping and enthralling. It made me drop everything that I was doing and listen to the show, night after night.Besides being good drama, the story is historically accurate and quite insightful. I strongly recommend it for individuals, schools, and writers of all kinds.My thesis at MIT was about the blacklist in academia. Listening to the blacklist in Hollywood taught me just how low our country has sunk the past, and how easily it could trample on people's civil rights again if we are not vigilant.
I approached this book with little background on the groups and personalities discussed herein, although with a strong skeptical bias. Peter Washington shares that bias, but he also seems to have done prodigious research on this time and place in the development of 'Western Mystical' belief systems.This book recounts the history of the movement through a retelling of its most flamboyant personalities. Helena Blavatsky, Henry Olcott, Annie Besant, and Charles Leadbeater headline the Theosophical School. Krishnamurti and Gurdijieff also receive about 80 pages each of coverage. Many of the lesser lights in the movement, including their respective belief systems and pedagogy are also inside: Rudolph Steiner, Peter Ouspensky, Hermann Keyserling, A.R. Orage, J.G. Bennett to name just a few.Since all of these people knew each other, and repeatedly back-stabbed each other, this book serves mostly as a fantastic list of grievances internal to a movement. In addition, it is a tale of incredible gullibility on the part of many very wealthy people who funded lavish lifestyles for these frauds.Unfortunately, this book is written in a very confusing fashion, certainly not linear in time. There are also hundreds of 'minor characters'; named once on page 50, then named again on page 350 for no good reason. PW jazzes up the book with a few anecdotes about true talents on the fringes of these movements like Aldous Huxley, Christopher Isherwood, and Frank Lloyd Wright. It took me almost 5 weeks to finish this book because I kept getting impatient with the writing style, although I believe that the scholarship was truly there.Book includes 20 pages of B&W; photographs, 35 pages of notes, a Bibliography with more than 150 entries and an Index.
realize that this is the worst sausage stuffer EVER!I've used a Hobart meat grinder to make sausage for years, stuffs casings so fast you have to feed the meat slowly and it still stuffs about 1 foot per second. This attachment is a joke, actually the attachment is fine although feels like the cheapest of plastics. Its the grinder that fails at sausage stuffing.Basically its just way to small to suck the meat in itself so you have to force feed it with the ridiculous plunger that comes with the grinder attachment. Meat constantly works it way around the 1/4" gap between the plunger and grinder port.I always spray a light oil over all parts to allow the meat to slip through, it helps but not enough.If you are making 2 pounds of sausage, its ok. If you are trying to make 20 pounds, give yourself 4 hours.FYI, the grinder attachment works pretty well for grinding meat. I ground 40 pounds of venison in about an hour. Not great but for $50 bucks it works. Don't expect Hobart performance for $50 bucks.
This is more a spiritual book than a Christian book. Yes the main characters profess a belief in God. However that does not seem to stop them from declaring their love for each other even tho of them is married to someone else, crossing the line when being tactile and rejoicing over an out of wedlock birth, and being married for all the wrong reasons.This has a soap atmosphere to it, the dialogue is extremely corny - if you want to read a book that deals with a real life topic and has real dialogue plus Christian style romance read Boaz Brown by Michelle StimpsonI borrowed this from the library its taking me months to finish.
I have had horrible luck with this product.First, when it tried to create a backup partition, it wiped out my whole hard drive. So I had to reload everything.Then it will not burn the image to CDs as advertised.I wrote to tech support for help and no response after a week. I wrote again and no response for 35 days.When they finally did write back, they wanted me to uninstall practically everything and actually make hardware changes to my PC in order to get their product to work. NOT!The product went in the trash - and I don't buy Power Quest products any more.
As the author points out, there is very little work on international military wives, and Korean military wives in particular. By such a logic, this book is a welcome project indeed.Essentially, Yuh Ji-Yeon sets out to make sense of why Korean women set out to marry American [military] men along with the consequences of such decisions. What becomes apparent throughout this book is the gendered set of relations in both US-Korean and soldier-wife relations. While many Korean women may seek American husands (especially those tricked and coerced into camptown USA) in order to escape Korean societal restrictions and shape better lives for themselves, many American men seek Asian wives in order to fulfill the ultimate Orientalist fantasy of Asian women as meek, erotic, and subservient. Through numerous interviews, Yuh finds out that many of the hopes that Korean military wives bring with them to America become easily dashed as they experience racism and cultural colonization. These Korean wives (many of whom are societal outcasts) thus become marginalized, their identities stolen from them as they are neither accepted for their cultural value by either their own indigenous community and the new American community. While such wives try hard to acculturate themselves to the demands of American life, suffering and pain continues to follow them, and in some cases poverty despite the alllure and so-called attainability of the great American dream. Perhaps even more important, Yuh makes clear that not all Korean wives are former camptown girls. Such simplistic stereotypes carried by the American public is damaging in creating pejorative connotations of the "Korean wife." Furthermore, even those wives who are former camptown girls should not be condescended. Being a prostitute is not exactly a free choice in Korea. Moreover, why should camptown girls be discriminated and labeled whore when the American soldiers who frequent red-light districts are sometimes actively encouraged by their commanders and more often than not treated with minor slaps on the hand for engaging in prostitution. Sadly, US military policy discriminates against the supply rather than dealing with the demand in prostitution. So much for the high morals of the US military.In this context, many Korean wives act out a latent form of resistance. Their husbands and in-laws may forbid them to speak Korean, to eat Korean food, to teach their children Korean culture, but in the privacy of their homes when husbands and children are out, these women cultivate friendships with other Korean wives, watch Korean movies, and make attempts to demand the respect that they undoubtedly deserve. In short, while Korean wives may be denied meaningful relationships with their husbands and children due to lack of support in learning the English language and subsequently sharing the Korean language, these women are basically trying to survive and separate themselves from their sad and sometimes lurid pasts."Beyond the Shadow of Camptown" is a book that anyone in the military, and especially any soldier thinking of taking an Asian wife or mail order bride should read. Conversely, this book should also be read by foreign women around US military bases worldwide, who are thinking that a green card is an entry into a better life. This book shows the complexities of immigration, and of negotiating two different contexts. Truly, this book is very powerful and more importantly supported by interviews and other forms of empirical evidence that even those in self-denial can't rebut. Last but not least, we must consider the stories of each Korean wife that has come to the US. Their stories deserve to be heard and remembered.
After reading Philip Sugden's Complete History of Jack The Ripper, over ten years ago, I thought no one would be able to write a book that would compare to this. Paul Begg's first edition came out first (which I didn't read the first edition). However, he did a total update on the book, and because of all the praise it received I had to read it. He is an excellent writer, and even though I've read many books on the Ripper, he has a way of telling this story with total freshness. I also must give him credit for being totally unbiased in who may or may not have killed these 4,5,6,7,8, or 9 women. Is it a better book than Philip Sugden's? For me, it's too close to call. I think both have done a great job. Be sure to get the revised edition of this one.
Most metal fans say that this is the Priest's best album, but I strongly disagree. This is a decent metal album, but in no means is this one of the best JP albums. After the brilliant proto-trash metal of Sad wings of destiny, Sin after Sin and Stained Class, Priest decided to make a 180 degree career shift with Hell bent for Leather. But this album, while being more hard rock than metal, still had high quality songwriting. This is not really the case with British Steel. The album open quite nicely with the simple but heavy &quot;Rapid Fire&quot;, with Rob Halford favoring a rough barking vocal style over his banshee screaming of yore. This song is really catchy, but the complex metal of old priest is sorely missed. Then comes &quot;Metal Gods&quot;, another ultra-simplistic song driven by nice vocal line and hypnotizing guitar riffage. Once again, the childish simplicity of the song leaves you with an uneasy feeling but it's still an high quality song. &quot;Breakin the law&quot; is the best song of the album, with a nice riff, a nice drive and ultra catchy melodies. But you can't overlook the fact that this song is no more than a re-write of their song &quot;hell bent for leather&quot;. &quot;Grinder&quot; is the last good song of the album, once again with simpler-than-punk guitar work but the chorus is pretty memorable and the groove never let down. But all the remaining songs are worthless. &quot;United&quot; is a embarassing Queen rip-off, &quot;You don't have to be old to be wise&quot; is a pure AC/DC pastiche, &quot;Living after midnight&quot; is one of their most popular song but it is too hard-rock/almost hair metal for my tastes. &quot;The Rage&quot; manage to rock quite hard, until you realize with disgust that Priest stole Led Zeppelin's &quot;black dog&quot; riff note-for-note. &quot;Steeler&quot; is a filler re-write of &quot;Rapid Fire&quot;, with weaker riffs and a generic Halford melody.Only for the completist. I'd suggest Sad Wings of Destiny, Stained Class, Defenders of the faith as their best albums, with Screaming for vengeance, sin after sin and painkiller as good albums. The rest is not very good.
When it comes to computer speakers, you can't go wrong with the Logitech x620s. Crisp, clear sound, a powerful subwoofer, and a system that's so easy to hook up, you don't even need to read the manual.The subwoofer has independent control. The right front speaker has an easy headphone plug, volume control, and on/off switch. These speakers give great sound and good volume. The bottom of the speakers have a groove for hanging them, or they can be set on your desktop.Only cons for these speakers:- When used at low volume, the midrange is weak, and bass a little overpowering. Nothing horrible, but this is the only sound weakness with these speakers.- Center speaker has no hook for wall hanging. Not sure why this wasn't included, as the center speaker would seem to be the most obvious choice for hanging.- Left front speaker has a very short cord. This forced us to place the subwoofer (where all the cords connect to) on the floor under the middle of the desk so the cord would reach. An extra few feet would have been nice, especially since the rear speakers have nice, long cords.I think these speakers stand up well to their more expensive counterparts. Why pay more, when you can get a wonderful set for under $100.
One evening in the Spring of 1998, over a four-hour drive across the Maritimes that was essentially comprised of me squeezed into the backseat of a friend's older brother's car, my eleven-year-old ears found themselves tuned to the small speaker on the lefthand side passenger-door, which poured out a fast, raw, yet melodic kind of music that I had never before heard in my lifetime. I eventually mustered up the courage to ask the Older Brother what was playing, and within a few hours the twenty-five dollars my parents had given me for "emergency expenses" had found a purpose: Making Friends, by San Jos&eacute;-based punk rockers No Use For A Name. It's safe to say that, if not for this group's existence, my taste in music would likely have been forever altered-a scary thought when you consider the current state of mainstream bands.I begin with that digression because my introduction to independent music through NUFAN also provided me with an everlasting gratitude towards them. This gratitude would soon come in handy, because I got into the band at a point in their career where they were about to make considerable changes to their sound and, by consequence, their fanbase. Let us remember that their glory days are thought by the vast majority to have been between 1995 and 1997. At the time Fat was a respected but modest-sized label, with only NUFAN, Lagwagon, and possibly Good Riddance selling any considerable amounts of records. Of course, the label's popularity dramatically increased over the years. Fat got bigger and wealthier, and eventually could afford to carry this bigness and wealth into the albums that they released. Nowadays all of the bands on Fat, regardless of their folk leanings or deliberately overpowering guitars, sound clean, crisp, and professional. The signature Fat-sound has been taken in stride by pretty much everybody; rarely will you see someone criticizing, say, the crystal-clear acoustic beginning of a Larry Arms song. Unlike their Fat Wreck peers, however, NUFAN hasn't received the same generous treatment. The main reason is that the band decided to rely on a more accessible, mellowed-down sound. But a deeper reason, I think, is that the band also decided to discard their image as one of the 90s prime raw skatepunk acts: the rough-edged torch-bearers had thrown away their torches and begun to play nice, and people took offense to that. More Betterness!, with its clean/poppy guitar tone and vocal style, brought detractors to say that the band had "sold out," a ridiculous assertion if there ever was one. Its equally accessible successor, Hard Rock Bottom, fared well with critics and open-minded listeners, but not with most of the old-time fans. However, my immense gratitude towards the band made me overlook all of this criticism, and I was able to see that, rather than softening their sound, NUFAN were putting an emphasis on melody instead of energy, and, rather than going nu-emo by writing acoustic ditties, they were merely incorporating new elements into their sound to ensure freshness and longevity.So, after seven years of losing and gaining fans due to change, NUFAN have dropped their ninth full-length, Keep Them Confused. Does it revert to the sound found on their mid-90s album? Has the band become even poppier than before? Well, yes and no, and both answers apply to both questions. Keep Them Confused essentially marks a progression into a more rock-based territory, with nonetheless a few strong nods to their early skatepunk roots that were perhaps overlooked in the last two studio albums.First, the rock. By design rock is slower than punk, and many of the songs on this album are effectively mid-tempo in speed. However, the crunchy and buoyant guitars call to mind the anthemic, no-nonsense brand of rock from acts such as Duvall and Jawbox. As far as melodies are concerned, this is easily the most accomplished album NUFAN have ever recorded. They are mainly pop in nature, though I use "pop" in the same way that I refer to the summer-bright harmonies of groups like the New Pornographers and the Shins-begging to be sung-along to, but possessing plenty enough of substance and depth to endure countless listens. The chorus of "There Will Be Revenge" borrows the finest parts from Jawbreaker's "Sluttering" to be addictive upon first listen, but the band transforms the remainder of a song into a punky romp that will cause many bodies to move when played live. The soft verses of "Black Box," which consist of an array of violins, synths, and acoustic guitars, explode into a mesmerizing chorus that would dominate the airwaves were it ever made available on commercial radio.Then there are the nods to the past. For starters, the production on here is much beefier than their last two studio albums, giving the songs the same loud (if cleaner) sound of Making Friends. Tony Sly's voice hasn't reverted to its early rawness, but he sings quite aggressively throughout most of the record. Though they have been reduced in numbers, there are still some fast moments on this album. "Part Two," "Check For A Pulse," "Bullets," and "Killing Time" all showcase NUFAN at their fastest; there also appears to have been a special emphasis on the band's part to give these fast songs more bite than they've had on the past two albums. A special note about "Bullets": it's their hardest since "The Answer Is Still No." Purists rejoice: Tony even screams!Sly's lyrical repertoire continues to improve with each release. It should be noted that Keep Them Confused is more political than anything they've done in the past. The fallacy of religion and its role in the ongoing war presents itself in "Divine Let Down": Guilt is an entity of its own fall from grace/And self-worth is their reminder/To feel out of place in your own home. Yes, the relationship songs that have irked so many maintain their presence, but Sly has constantly steered clear of sounding cheesy. Take the aforementioned "Black Box," with its poignant metaphoric lines: "Our worlds collide in new beginnings/It's an emergency permission to bail out/So when the heart crash lands/What memories will survive?/I thank my black box that I'm alive." And in "Killing Time" Sly combines political commentary and relationship together to describe a mother's hopelessness at the face of her son's defection to Iraq: I feel like I'm lost, drowning out at sea/Surrounded by space with no regard for sympathy/She sees the parade for victory and war that wasn't won/"I'm not coming home; he's my only son."Keep Them Confused is both an amazing and an interesting album. It's amazing in that it provides us with twelve melodic songs that rank near the top of NUFAN's extensive catalogue, and it's interesting in that it leaves us with one pressing question: what next? Will the band venture deeper into the mid-tempo rock territory showcased here? Will the fans' response to "Bullets" spark the band to revisit their sound of yore? Regardless of the direction NUFAN eventually choose to take, the variety of material presented on this record is so great that people should look forward to whatever choice the band makes.To summarize Keep Them Confused, I'll say that it finally marks a point in which the band has found an original sound. As great as they were (and still are), NUFAN's mid-period albums won't ever be included among the most original recordings of the 90s. This record, however, brings a truly original brand of rock, pop, and skate-fueled punk that I've yet to hear from any other band. My one complaint about Keep Them Confused is that it's nowhere near as life-changing as Making Friends. But then, to me, no other album is or ever will be.
Every bowl I try to make on this ends up smashing on the floor, no matter how much I tighten it, and how careful I turn.
I want to address the misnomers about this DVD particularly those reviewers who think this is a &quot;dubbed&quot; concert. You can tell by watching the musicians matching up with the music (watch the guitarist!) and the ad libs of Sade - PLUS the songs ARE differenet from the CDs. It is just very well recorded and because it is probably directly from the soundboard.
Live is a better version than last year's and it is somewhat NBA Jam-esque. They also had hilarious cut scenes. For example, before the opening tip, the center (in this case, Ho Grant) taps the ref on the shoulder, then steals the ball from the ref!! What...is this!!Another cut scene is when the second quarter ends and the players walk to the locker room, one random player will stop near the stands and talk to a fan, then the coach sees it and yells at the player!!! Yet another stupid one is when the coach stands, a random player changes seats and sits on the coach's seat, then when the coach attempts to sit (without looking of course) he accidentally hits the player, and the coach gets mad!There are no starting lineup intros, no coach intros, and no shoe editing. You can edit numbers and attributes though, which is a big plus. THUD wears 16, and in this game he still has 11, so I can just edit that.This game has what you would call Freestyle control, which is basically the right analog stick. Using that stick results in ridiculous crossovers, dekes, spins, and other maneuvers. This game is so fast, and the computer runs the break everytime and throws alleyoops and throws down sick jams everytime. It is very arcadey.Shots are easier to make in NBA Live, it's probably because of the arcadey style. I play simulation and it is still like an arcade.Get this now, you won't be disappointed!!
First off I would like to congratulate iRobot on this new concept, but it's hardly the idle cleaner. This thing is extremely loud and unbearable while I'm working. I had to get out of the room to escape the noise, minutes later, the roomba just chases after me. Sure it cleans, but doesn't clean that tight corner, and it's too stupid to climb the stairs, and clean my other rooms. Don't expect it to pickup everything, it may pick up a few grain of dust, but I throw some bolts on the floor just to see what this $300 vacuum can accomplish, apparently not much. This thing is also hazardous for old people; it tripped my grandma nearly a dozen times. Another thing, it can't avoid traps, got home one day and found it all tangled up and struggling in back of my computer desk, not to mention that all my mouse traps were set off by roomba!, meaning free lunch for those furry freaks. Forget about your carpet, roomba can dance around a hundred times in the same area, and that old soda stain still looks good as new. The battery life is just another cry for help. I went on a vacation and put my trust into roomba, then came home a month later to a jungle of spider webs, and dunes of dust, seems like roomba also took its sweet vacation. On the other hand, I really like the remote -- It makes me look tough, shows roomba who's the boss around here. The charger is nice too, it's a shame that roomba can't find it. I bought roomba to save me some time, money, and a reason to fire my maid, but I guess it's time to reinstate my broom.
I will fully admit this is a hard album and band to get into. Some things are very lo-fi, noise related, experimental, not really song oriented. If you can get over all that, what you have here is a very creative album of what I would call song snippets. Most would say that "glow" is the best song on the album, I really like that song, but I would say that "the pull" is the best song on here. The simplistic syncopated guitar chords, the harmonies hark back to "children of the future" era steve miller, and then when the drums and distorted guitar come in, its amazing.
This is Randolph Scott at hiis best. Good western adventure and very entertaining. I was always a Randoph Scott fan so these old westerns were right down my alley. Well recommended and sustained entertainment. Also, good story lines and Joel Macrae in Ride The High Country is in good form and also at his best. Overall, definitely worth watching.
Ok, Brad Paisley has a new CD out so, without reading any reviews, I naturally just buy it. He's been a pleasure to listen to in the past- he's consistently enjoyable and I feel well-deserving of his recent CMA win.Then I listened to it...... best country CD I've bought this year and I can't get enough of it!!! Can I pick a favorite? NO! I think he's a genius the way his CDs are a mixture of:*down-home fun (Ticks & Mr. Policeman)*a brilliant look at life (Online - LOVE the Tuba and marching band!)*beautiful ballads (Letter To Me)*spirituals (When We All Get To Heaven)*instrumentals (Throttleneck),*and my beloveds: the Kung Pao Buckaroos (Bigger Fish to Fry - Brad, if you or your people read this, keep the Grand Ole Opry Theater coming! LOVE THEM!)My only disappointment was the duet with Carrie Underwood. Bummer.Thanks, Brad, for another joyous ride in Musicland!
My 3 kids each wanted a Care Bear for Christmas. The talking Care Bears are really wonderful and the video is a nice bonus. Voices are moderately loud, feminine-ish and soothing, though can be turned off by removing batteries. Won't drive you half crazy with constant chatter and irritating tone like some toys. The item talks when you press its hand, then speaks again a few seconds later but doesn't persist like other chatty toys. The video which is approx. 30 minutes long is the same kind of stuff the Care Bears cartoon of several decades ago aired, so appropriate and engaging for young kids. Beautiful colors, stitching on their tummies and extra video make a winner of a toy in our house.
i have used these socks for more than 20 years. i wear them with my expensive sneakers,my sandals and now with my canvas slip on's. the padded cushioning is in all the right places and the moisture wicking fibers is excellent. i would wear these all the time,even to bed but i just can't afford it. the price is a bit steep per pair, but its well worth it if you want you feet in pure comfort. five stars for superior cushioning. and moisture wicking. i just wish they would go down in price to perhaps 6 or $7.95 then i would buy 20 pairs and never take them off, even when i lounge about in my jammies and slippers
This book is so awesome! It is based on true events. I never knew Christians are still presucuted today, but this book was such an eye-opener. However, some of the storys require a firm stomach. For instance, one Christians got his fingernails ripped out. This book is very interesting and I was challenged in my own walk with Christ. This book made me think would I be willing to die for Christ. I highly recommend this book, because it is so interesting and the book itself looks so cool that if you read it at school or work people will ask you about it. Then you have an oppurtunity to share your faith with them.
Even as I huge fan of George Romero & Sam Raimi (both playing a part in many of the films released on Anchor Bay)I have an ability to endure some really stupid stuff and still be like Wow. I venture to say that this movie is 100% grade A Carpola. I mean yeah George Romero had nothing to do with this film but the fact that it was realsed on Achor Bay the same studeo that released the original versions "Dawn of the Dead "& "Day of the Dead" and dared to use the Title "Day of the Dead 2" as well as called itself "Homage" I expected so much better. This movie is so bad it borders on Camp, if only it had been intended too.However for your Zombie Experts this is a fun movie to break out with at a get together for a few good laughs but hardly as good as "Shaun of the Dead". The only scarey thing about this film is knowing how much you spent on it & the idea that Romero hasn't filed a copy-rite lawsuit yet.This movie is lucky there wasn't a -5 to choose from.The real "Good" news is after seeing this movie "Showgirls" isn't so bad anymore.
This was a whim purchase, I did not know the author well save for a short story I had read and liked. She has a fine way of describing the scenery, this is a very readable novel. It's science fiction, but that's really just a backdrop to good storytelling. You could read it as a narrative of a girl's resilience against hopelessness. I like how the lack of specifics on what happened to the world adds to the mystery of the story. A good use of suspence for the reader. Enjoy!
I should have listened to the negative reviews here, before I bought this. First of all, it does not hold (inside the volume of space available in the ceramic "cooker" part, 8.5 quarts. When you leave the rim clear for the lid, it BARELY hold 8 quarts. I did a water test with a 1/2 gallon milk carton to measure this.Second, and most importantly, this thing is NOT a "SLOW cooker!" It is a FAST cooker! I followed all directions, I read the manual, and then I put together our family chili recipe and put it into the "slow cooker" to simmer until morning, thinking that in the morning, I would discover well simmered chili. Nope.I filled the ceramic portion, leaving about an inch from the rim, as the instructions tell you to do, having to alter my recipe to do so. I left the cooker on low, on a stable surface, not heat sensitive, and away from all disturbances. In the morning (about 5.5 hours later) I awoke to a "slow cooker" which had BOILED the food, and caused it to OVERFLOW the confines on the ceramic "cooker" part, onto the counter, over the lid, and even into the space between the ceramic "cooker" part, and the heating base under it. This created a huge mess, and almost inedible food.I have since cleaned the thing as best I could, and contacted Amazon for a return label. This hunk of junk is going back to the store. I will try a "slow cooker" from another brand and see if I get better results, because this thing is not a "slow cooker." Just to be sure it wasn't a fluke, I put just regular water into it, left the same amount of space as I had with the chili, and set it on low, and went to go do some house work. About 3 hours later, the water was BOILING, and steaming, and overflowing the "slow cooker."Save your money for a different product by a different manufacturer.
Truth be known. BIG was NOT the king of Eastcoast hip-hop as much as he was credited for(or at least never on Puffy's label). The entire label is based on using premade samples from oldschool artists', that's not being original. Not only that, but lyrics lack substance horribly and serve for very little meaning. You can't consider yourself a king of hip-hop if all you're doing is biting off other artists' beats. Perhaps if BIG was under another label with better guidance, be could have easily been a much better artist, perhaps even be alive today.
The characters draw you right in. Dr. Lecter becomes our anti-hero evoking abhorrence and sympathy at the same time. On the surface this tale can seem highly improbable but considering all the facts behind Lecter and Starlings lives It becomes all too believeable. I had my doubts about the authors being able to top his last tale of Dr. Lecter or even being able to equal it but I think he has succeded. A very compelling read.
This book is very detailed and is perfect for a nursing student, practicing nurse or anyone who is interested in the theories of Crisis Intervention. I still read through the book occasionally to review everything that I have learned and it is a great help just for people in general social service situations. I highly recommend this book.
George Orwell's powerful book on a bleak future just does not translate well to the screen. At least not in this adaptation. In fact, if you haven't read the book I doubt you'll have any idea what it's all about other than a really unpleasant society. Of course, 1984 is no longer a future date, but time seems to have passed this by.
The finest live album ever made.Queen's definitive statement.I was there in 1979 (Vancouver show).Nothing else can be said.A Million Stars.PS: the reason Rhapsody is played with a tape is because Queen did not have 'a house band' there, you moron. Bass, Guitar, Drums ... that's it. And it was fantastic, I was there ... they come on at the end for the rocking finale dressed up in new costumes and it's all good ... no, it was GREAT ! and still is.
This album has been around since vinyl and could be called the Stone's Greatest Hits. The only one left out is Far Away Eyes. If you have no other Stone's album, this is the one. Roy
This is quite a poorly organised book. Certainly I found it sloppy and longwinded in equal measure. Is anyone editing these Training from the Source books, I asked myself. In any training manual. a good mental model should be easily extracted. This is far from the case here. The manual and tutorials that accompany Authorware are preferable to this volume's offerings. It is simply too erratic and patchy to meet the objective set in the title. I would not recommend it.
I really hoped that this book was some kind of visionary look at what actually happened to the American Indians, but it is not that!Mostly it's just bad writing and a rather obvious con-job, and that makes me really sad, because what the American Indian has endured, is much more than this..the metaphors that are needed to really understand what happened to native humans in this country, are NOT in this book...
First of all, this band's catalogue is huge and yet this "Best Of" disc is only, what? 57 minutes? That's less than the first generation audio CD spec, which was 63 minutes. Now, the only audio CDRs a person can get easily are 80 minutes. That leaves 23 minutes, time that could contain more great tracks, like Dazzle, The Last Beat of My Heart, Song From the Edge of the World, or Melt. O Baby and Song from the Edge should have been here simply to finish the singles collection, as they're not on the prior two releases (Once Upon a Time and Twice Upon a Time), although with the real version of Fear of the Unknown and Last Beat of My Heart. Dizzy, a left-over from the band's breakup, was obviously added to increase sales, even though it's fairly weak, and there is a better version extant, the one handed out with the Seven Year Itch tour. It sticks out like a sore thumb.Finally, the "remastering" may make the CD louder, but when comparing Face to Face, which admittedly sounded a bit anemic on Twice Upon a Time, the remastered version sounds worse, with the vocals edging toward one of the horribly compressed songs from The Rapture. Listen to a song like Fall From Grace. It's mix is so mashed it sounds like garbage, which is sad since it's a great song. It was clearly a reaction against Superstition's "thin" mix."Remastering" today usually means clipping, taking away all of the space songs used to have. Listen to The Cure's Boys Don't Cry, with a tracks like Another Day and Fire In Cairo and then compare them to the "remastered" versions. There is no space now, and they sound worse. I'll gladly trade a miniscule amount of tape hiss for the original spacious mixes and dynamic contrast.Stick with Twice Upon a Time, or, if you like their early sound, Once Upon a Time. Skip this collection unless you really like remixes, as the second disc is nothing but those. What this collection should have been is a complete singles set, or at least one that truly reflects the band at its best, with songs like Dizzy nowhere to be found, except as material on a bonus disc, in a manner similar to New Order's Substance.
I don't care if the pan ends up being a good pan or not at this point. I received this and on the bottom, where you place the pan on a HOT STOVE - is a piece of paper, covering the entire bottom, glued on - not with thick rubber cement, easily removed type glue but with the kind that sticks forever, and gets GUMMY the more you try to get it off. I tried to peel it off, scrape it off, and finally soaked it in hot soapy water for over an hour. I then spent another 45 minutes pulling it off, having to use a knife to scrape it and the pieces coming off were less than an inch at a time. The red color of the sticker came off and made my fingernails all red but the paper under the red color and the gummy glue - is almost impossible to get off. It still isn't cleaned off because now there is the gummy residue all over the bottom of the pan. It is soaking in boiling water now with the hopes that the glue will eventually come off. I won't be buying a Revere pan in the future, this is absolutely ridiculous - whoever decided to stick this on the bottom so if it does not come all the way off, you cannot use it because it is a fire hazard - or worse, the gummy glue ruins your stove top -is a complete and utter MORON!
I'm using this with my Panasonic Toughbook CF-72 in a port replicator and it works great. I have a 17" LCD on top and it is easy to get to the DVD drive etc on the side. Just the right height to unhook and go when I head to work.
stephanie is back working for her cousin.. and janet brings back almost every support characters, one of my favorite parts are the 'guest stars' that reoccurr. somehow although we have come to know the particular insanity expected from each member of the family she continually surprises me which make the gags just so much funnier. i read a lot, and im old. i see things coming in a lot of books and thats boring. but i never know what going to happen next with this series! i didnt actually fall off my chair laughing, but i had to put out my hand a steady myself a few times!
Anyone can write a biography of a film star. However not everyone's efforts are worth the time to read or the money spent. Luckily, Emily W. Leider is one of a rare breed, a writer who truly respects her subjects. DARK LOVER: THE LIFE AND DEATH OF RUDOLPH VALENTINO doesn't give into the all too easy route of sexy gossip combined with careless writing.Rudolph Valentino, like Leider's previous subject Mae West, radiated sex, sin and sensuality from the silver screen even to this day. DARK LOVER explores Valentino's youth in Italy, his early years in America, his peak as a Hollywood love god and his tragic death at the age of 31.Under the costumes and behind the smoldering eyes was a man seeking love and family even as he make some disasterous life choices. Case in point, Valentino's two marriages to women who for their own reasons were light years away from the Madonna of the Hearth Valentino longed for.The end result is a beautifully researched and fully fleshed portrait. Even buying DARK LOVER for the pictures alone is well worth the cover price for the evolution from gawky Italian boy to Hollywood legend.If you have an unlimited book budget or save your pennies for books, DARK LOVER is a must have for the Hollywood fanatic.
This is essentially the same production as the other Kultur DVD of Boris, but made at a Bolshoi performance about 8 or 9 years later. I think it is preferable to the earlier version because of clearer visual and sound quality. The jackets of the 2 DVDs give 181 and 165 minutes as the respective timings, but my equipment says 175 and 170. The main reason that the earlier one is longer is the more extended curtain calls.Evgeny Nesterenko and Vlasislav Piavko repeat their performances of Boris and the pretender, Dimitri, with not that much difference between the two versions. However, the intervening years seems to have dulled the edge in the vocal performance of Arthur Eizen's Varlaam. The other performers are different but quite comparable in the 2 versions. Costumes and scenery are basically the same. Alexander Lazarev conducts a bit snappier performance in the newer version than Boris Khaikin.
The Enid are a Symphonic rock band hailing from England that was formed in the early seventies, but hell, if you're reading this review, you already know that. This is rock music in a classical setting, focusing on mood, dynamics and texture. Only rock musicians are playing, but the sound that is created makes you feel as if you're listening to a whole symphony orchestra. At any rate, the Enid are quite quirky, but definitely worth a listen, for their version of 'Scarborough Fair', if nothing else. Listen and judge for yourself.
Hey, the title says it all. The music sucks, the lyrics are absurd and the vocals are painful to listen to. Highly recommended for listeners with self-masochistic tendancies. Here's a clue - when you can easily find a hundred or so of a used CD for less than two bucks, it's gonna suck! And 4 non-talented-non-blondes really do suck and they suck big time with a capital S!A "friend" recommended this to me. Thank God for Amazon's sound clips or I'd be doin' life without parole now! Needless to say, I'm now happily less one tone-deaf, musically inept friend. If you got to this review via a personal recommendation, start searching for dark and sinister ulterior motives from that person. They are not your friend! I repeat - NOT you friend!!!Don't comtemplate even a nanosecond about buying this awful, nauseating, nails on the chalkboard CD! DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT!!!!!!(...and the usual caveat about not being able to give zero stars...)
Duke a werewolf and Earl a vampire are driving through a small town and stop to eat at a diner. Gil's All Night Diner. Here they meet the manager Loretta. Well it seems Loretta is having problems with zombies breaking in and destroying her cafe at night. Duke and Earl decide they will help her out. Eventually this innocent stop brings them into a whole war against the Ancient Gods who are trying to come up through the portal, which happens to be in the middle of the diner. The Ancient Gods are having a lot of help from a teenage girl who practices the dark arts and her dopey and hormone happy boyfriend.This was a great light read. The werewolf and vampire were not at all like what I normally read in paranormal books. These two were like good ole country boys. Duke is overweight with a gut and Earl is a stringbean. Earl actually falls in love with a ghost from the cemetary across the street. And of course you have the indifferent sherrif and just for good measure a ghost dog. It was a fun and enjoyable read.
In this price range I don't expect scientific precision--just an idea of the conditions in my orchid growing area. This nice little unit has done just that. I like the max/min feature too, but wish it were integrated with a clock feature which showed the time of day these conditions occurred.I'm back to buy another one for a different room.
After combing the internet, (and I went from top to bottom), I found there was just NO information on how to secure a Wisteria to a wall. The plant has a habit of growing 18 inch+ trunks, and destroys trellises it is climbing upon. It's no joke growing a Wisteria.Enter the book "Planting Green Roofs and Living Walls" By Nigel Dunnet and Noel Kingsbury. Some good ole boys from Germany who love to talk about vines and roof grass. Who would have thought there are German Hippies? Well, it takes a German Hippy to figure this stuff out. The book is first part - roofs, second part heavy vines. Most references in the book are related to Wisteria,which is why it works so well.I learned alot about what I needed. Great addition to the library for any vine gardener.
Henry Fonda and Barbara Stanwyck turn this little mystery into an 'A' film, making every scene believable. Another plus is Hattie McDaniels as the maid and Sam Levene as the inspector/lieutenant. The mystery is well done and enough to keep your interest. But the real delight is watching the stars put in a stellar performance.
I saw "The Aviator" and was not entirely impressed (it was a bit on the boring side), but this soundtrack CD is fantastic! Whether you saw the film or not, if you like vintage jazz and big bands, get this CD. It would be impossible to put together a single-CD "best of" collection for the 1920s-1940s, and what makes this CD so refreshing is that it doesn't try to be a "best of" disc. Some of the era's most memorable recordings are here, like Glenn Miller's "Moonlight Serenade" and Benny Goodman's "Moonglow," but these standards are complemented with some lesser-known but equally deserving selections such as the hot "Fireworks" by the Original Memphis Five. The producers of this disc have done an outstanding job assembling a varied collection that never gets tiring.By far, the highlights of the disc--and the reason I bought it--are the modern recreations of 1920s-1940s pop tunes by Vince Giordano's Nighthawks. For those who aren't familiar with the Nighthawks, I should add that they are one of the top bands active today performing music of the '20s-'40s (and the best, in my opinion). What makes the Nighthawks so special is that they strive to authentically recreate the sound of the bands of that era -- these are not the corny-sounding, over-the-top parodies of "flapper" music that you used to find on Reader's Digest sets or on those Grand Award LP's directed by Enoch Light. Not at all. Giordano and members of his band treat the music with respect and often perform note-for-note from original arrangements or recordings. Just compare the Nighthawks' arrangement of "I'll Build A Stairway to Paradise" with the 1922 recording by Paul Whiteman (forgetting Rufus Wainwright's vocal for the moment). It's uncanny! However, where the 1922 Whiteman recording suffers from the tinny sound of acoustical recording, Giordano's Nighthawks burst forth in full-range, stereo sound. Purists may argue that some of the vocals on the recreation tracks (particularly Wainwright's) do not accurately reflect singing styles of the 1920s, and that may be true, but Wainwright's sappy-sounding, almost whiny vocal stylings don't bother me very much. If the vocals don't interest you, then check out some of the hot instrumentals, like "Shake That Thing" "Happy Feet," or "Yellow Dog Blues." If those don't set your feet tapping, then you're probably already dead.Generally, the sound of the disc is excellent. I was disappointed with the Original Memphis Five recording of "Somebody Stole My Gal," which suffers from severe digital over-processing (with added digital artifacts and a general "muddy" sound). The remastering of the other vintage recordings is quite nice, and the sound of the modern recordings is fabulous--they are rich, warm, and full-sounding, just as if the Nighthawks were right in front of you.A few notes in the booklet about the recordings and pieces would have been appreciated (in place of movie stills), but overall, I was very impressed with this CD, and would heartily recommend it to any fan of 1920s-1940s jazz and popular music. It's excellent!
Simply put, this is one of the best Crichton novels ever written. It has good amounts of science, lots of action, a good storyline, and chilling villans. You just gotta love it! Being something of a physicist myself, I was happy with the level of explanation on the topic of quantum foam. Buy this book!
Finally there is something to enjoy! After three relatively mediocre albums April Wine finally created the first near-masterpiece of their career. Some of the songs are a little too sappy but melodically this is a breakthrough. "Oowatanite" and "Tonite is a Wonderful Time To Fall In Love" (which was later done even better on Frigate) are prime examples of the sappy power ballad but the quality is there - let's appreciate it and remember that this was 1975 and AW was therefore one of the founding fathers of the genre. "Slow Poke" is really a lot of fun, "Cum Hear the Band" is very enjoyable with its change of style. "I Wouldn't Want To Lose Your Love" is again a very good ballad and "Not For You Not For Rock & Roll" is fine stomping rocker.
I cannot explain why so few people have heard of No Fun at All. If you are into melodic punk music, these guys' full length cd's are a must have. They are fast and catchy. The only complaint I would have with their cd's is that they never change their style. Of course, since they are consistently great, it's not necessarily a bad thing. Just like any Bad Religion cd, you know what you will get when you buy their next cd if you have any of their other cds. I haven't heard a song by them I don't like, but they all kind of blend together. However, they do have some amazing moments, like &quot;The Other Side.&quot; For fans of Pennywise, Bad Religion and any other melodic punk music, No Fun at All is a must have. Spread the word. It's amazing how so few people know about these guys.
to see this movie. Maybe the premise, however I was really surprised at how good this movie was. The acting was stellar by all and after 3 hours I was not ready for it to end. Relax and enjoy a truly poignant film. I will always tell it like I see it Goog or bad. Scott M
Three new consoles. Three deformed dwarves trying to win a beauty contest. Which pig shall we kiss?For your consideration: the Wii, a Gamecube with a gimmick controller designed to appeal to kids for however long their attention span lasts. Like all fads, destined for the back of the closet as soon as they get tired of it. The very existence of this thing is taking development money away from games for grownups. The more successful it is, the more it sets back the industry.The XBox 360, which is a nice toaster oven, at least. If you haven't heard, they still overheat. An engineering flop of epic proportions. Nothing like this has ever happened in the nearly 4-decade history of game consoles. An entire industry has sprung up around trying to keep these things cool. Think about it.And the PS3. Take out a second mortgage, American consumer. You could buy a 360 AND a Wii for the price of this one. It seems Sony decided to bet that consumers would be willing to bet their life savings on both their game console AND their super-dvd format becoming industry standards. But the public didn't make that bet, and so Sony lost their bet. Whoops.And here's the capper: nothing that any of these consoles does is actually new. They are nothing but insanely expensive graphics card updates, except for the Wii, which isn't even that much. The games look better, but play exactly the same. It's the same old games. It's very pretty Halo and very pretty Grand Theft Auto, but it's still just Halo and GTA. Think about it: that's why different versions of many of these games exist for the old consoles. In reality, there hasn't been anything new in games since the N64, a decade ago.Gaming passed the point of diminishing returns a long time ago. With this generation, it has reached the point of negative returns: you are forced to spend a lot of money on a console upgrade to get the latest games, and yet the games haven't improved enough to justify it. Thus, you are spending a huge amount of money to get something that is only marginally better than what you had all along. You are now officially getting less bang for your buck than with the previous generation. You are actually losing ground as the technology "improves".The PS3 has likely already lost the console wars, but the real losers are gamers. These are three turkeys of systems. I never thought I would say this, having seen every single console system come and go, but this generation is a complete disaster. Wake up. Since we all already have a dvd drive with a high-resolution monitor and vast computing cabability (its called a PC, and a low-end new one will blow these game consoles out of the water), why are we still willing to throw money at these things? Maybe it's time we all went back to PC gaming...
This book is one of Brenda's best along with its prequel The Playas Handbook, you got to read that one first to get the background.Looking forward to reading about Lyle and Logan's story even Sean has a potential love interest waiting for him and please get someone for their Dad he deserves it. Bring it on Brenda!
i RECIVED THIS TOY AS A HAND ME DOWN FROM A FRIEND OF MINE. i HAVE USED THIS TOY SINCE I BROUGHT MY DAUGHTER HOME FROM THE HOSPITAL( jANUARY 2001)i have never had to change the batteries. I must have a different model then others,you can touch anywhere on the keys to get music, animal sounds, whatever.My only complaint is you can adjust it in the crib so its right where the child will kick. We take it everywhere with us. it cant be left at home if we spend the night anywhere.
Despite my penchant for both women's literature and modern American literature, and despite the fact that I even majored in American Literature in college, I never got around to reading this book. I so loved Plath's poetry, particularly in college, that I think I was secretly frightened to read her autobiography because it would force me to think carefully about her tragic end. Now that I've finally finished it, I can count it among my favorite novels. Its colloquial and simple language makes it an easy read. Esther's deep struggles with the opportunities both open and closed to women are as accurate and pertinent today as they were 30 or 40 years ago, and Plath's riveting and terrifying description of a young girl's plunge into mental illness is crafted with such ease that the reader begins to question her own sanity. The real tragedy of the novel is knowing the true end of Plath, and thinking how much more wonderful prose and poetry she could have contributed.
The Oregon Trail, as its title is usually now rendered, is readily available, but the Conspiracy of Pontiac - try to find a copy in your average megabookstore! The latter is a history of the uprising in the Old Northwest that followed the French and Indian War, lasting from 1763 to 1766. Historians today tend to avoid Parkman's name for it, partly because more than one Indian leader was involved but more so, one suspects, because of the negative connotation of "conspiracy." Yet Parkman was familiar with his subject and the reader may judge for himself.The author was an amateur historian (he was trained as an attorney), accustomed to fending for himself in the wild and conversant in French, an essential skill in his lifelong, multivolume description of the 18th century struggle between the British and French empires for control of North America. He knew the Indian mind first-hand, describing its childlike nature and its propensity for savagery (one description of an Indian village is a "motley concourse of barbarians"). The uprising included the capture, often by coup de main, of several forts, the captives then usually killed - in the case of the fort at Michillimackinac, several British soldiers were kept bound and standing for a late arriving chief to proceed down the line, stabbing each one to death. In the upper Ohio river valley, settlers discovered a one room school house in which the master and the boys who were his pupils had all been slaughtered. Rarely, Parkman gives us a glimpse of humorous relief - the Quakers of Philadelphia, counselling peace until the Indians were rumored to be near, at which time the Quakers quickly turned to a manual of arms on the green.Of course the revolt was suppressed and Pontiac himself was subsequently killed by another Indian at St. Louis; this is how Parkman concludes, in his typically masterful prose: "neither mound nor tablet marked the burial place of Pontiac. For a mausoleum, a city has risen above the forest hero and the race whom he hated with such burning rancor trample with unceasing footsteps over his forgotten grave."
The author has broken from the conventional approach by isolating his content to specific C++ items instead of presenting the entire language. Each point is well written with justifications and examples. The majority of the items (48/50) are must-know concepts for effective C++ software development. Exceptionally meaningful content includes 7 items on constructors, destructors, and assignment operators, 11 items on class design and function declaration, and 10 items on inheritance and object-oriented design. Excellent guidance for selecting the correct approach from amongst a wide-variety of advanced C++ features. "Effective C++" is one of the best intermediate level C++ books.
I thought this was a pretty good book. Equipment changes quickly, but the book is fairly recent (2005/2006), and the authors generally tend to do a good job of explaining basic principles (e.g., loops are more durable than grommets in a tarp), rather than focusing on specific brands and models that will quickly become out of date.I'm a geek, so I enjoyed the tech stuff, like the discussion of the torque exerted by the backpack. For me, this analytical engineering approach works much better than some of the alternatives, such as: fanboyism; gushy New Age stuff; or original ultralight guru Ray Jardine's dogmatic opinions on issues like unprocessed food, which he doesn't back up with any evidence.The bad news is that it's not really a coherent book, it's an anthology of magazine articles. This problem is exacerbated by the lack of an index. It's a real drag when, e.g., tarps are discussed both on p. 176 and 291, but there's no index that would let you find both discussions of the topic.Reading some of the other reviews, I notice some complaints about the focus on western US hikes and western US suppliers. This may be a valid point against the book if you're not in the western US, but it worked fine for me as someone who does all his backpacking in California.
This woman is a kitchen goddess. I am not a vegan (maybe I should say that I am a middle aged Republican with heart disease so no one thinks I am in love with the author ;^). But I am in love with this book. I have lost track of how many copies I have given to family and friends. While I have many favorite cookbooks, more meals appear on our table out of this book than the next two combined.My single favorite meal from this book is the pomegranate barbecue tofu (which I usually make with seitan or tempeh instead of tofu -- just because she is a goddess doesn't mean you can't play with the recipes) with coconut rice. Horseradish tofu is another staple along with lemon corn waffles with blueberry sauce, cold udon noodles with peanut sauce -- not to mention the simple sides like sweet potato fries. And her scones are to live for (this is healthful food after all, why eat something that will make you die?).The author does have a lot of attitude -- and leftist politics. If you are offended by this, get over it: the food is worth swallowing your politics (along with some tamarind sauce).
This is a very nice cake of soap. It does all the things soap is supposed to do, but what makes me a fan is the sublime odor, smell, fragrance. Nobody has ever said something like, "Gosh, you smell nice this morning", but I like it. Twelve bucks for a cake of soap seems spendy, but as an indulgence, compared to buying lattes, I don't have a problem. It makes my mornings go extremely well.I Coloniali used to sell a lovely deodorant. It made me want to lead with my armpits. Some sort of distribution f**k*p now makes it unavailable. Bummer of the summer.
My father, an avid golfer, recommended &quot;The legend of Bagger Vance&quot; to me. As I picked it up and began to read, I expected nothing more than a simple innocent story about the underdog holding steady with the favorites in the golf match of a lifetime.Three and a half hours later, I set the book down, sweat pouring down my face, hands numbly releasing the pages. &quot;The Legend of Bagger Vance&quot; is the most daring book I have ever read. In it, the entire face of reality is questioned, and cataclysmic issues are reopened over what appears to be a simple game of golf.The plot is unimportant. What matters is the tone of the book. And believe me, it has tone.
I took a chance buying this album but it really payed off. This is a classic. SOngs Like &quot;Chonkyfire&quot;, &quot;Synthesizer&quot;, &quot;Da Art Of Storytellin (Part 1 and 2)&quot;, &quot;Return Of The G&quot; &quot;Liberation, i could go on to say every song an tha album yo. this album would be worth it if it were $30!!!! definatley a great buy.peace
I've bought four pair of these shorts this summer. They feel good, fit the way I like them, and have great pockets. First the fit: a little elastic in the back waist has just the right amount of give, and the length is about an inch above the knee--I have never liked the below the knee "boy from the hood" style. Six pockets, two in the front with velcro just big enough for keys and other items that need to be secured, and a back left zippered pocket for the billfold, if that is your preference. Personally, I put my wallet in one of the front velcroed pockets.But the real innovation that I haven't seen before is a deep right side rear pocket that is perfect for carrying a cell phone. It's behind the front pocket but well forward of where you could sit on your phone. The top of the pocket has a little elastic to keep it secure, and to get at your phone, lift it from the bottom and push it out the top. I liked it so much I looked to see if Columbia has long pants with the same configuration of pockets. Alas, they don't, so I sent Columbia customer service an email (columbia@custhelp.com) asking them to consider manufacturing pants with Brewha pockets. Please encourage them at columbia@custhelp.com if you would also like pants in the Brewha style.
Regardless of the fact that some of his latest efforts (most notably, The Woman in White) are disappointing, there can be little doubt that Andrew Lloyd Webber is one of the greatest composers ever to work in the musical theatre. Ever since his "Jesus Christ Superstar" hit the stage in the early 70-is, it was clear that the conception and perception of musicals are never going to be the same again. Many of his songs became standards not only in the theatre history, but also as tops on the charts. Even though he's British, his influence on the shape of the modern musical theatre expanded over the West End boundaries long ago and has thus made an enormous impact on Broadway. Two of his shows ("Cats" and "The phantom of the opera") hold the record as two the longest running shows in the history of Broadway. He has also been the only composer to have three of his shows running at Broadway concurrently. Some of his awards include three Grammies, a Golden Globe, an Oscar and a bunch of Tony awards. But perhaps most of all, Lloyd Webber is responsible for bringing the musicals and the theatre appealing to the wide audiences, who in different circumstances would not consider seeing a musical. The secret of his success is probably the mixture of beautiful and catchy melodies, interesting subject matter (though some, like Starlight Express, are too thin) and grandiose staging.And even though his shows have been staged all over the world, China has somehow been left out. Until 2001, that is, when the idea came about to put together a big concert of ALW's greatest hits for the people of Beijing. This over 2-hour DVD is the recording of that magical evening that took place in the Great hall of the people, the big conference hall in Beijing, specially re-worked to fit the big orchestra and the performers. The people familiar with ALW's recordings will most certainly draw a parallel with a similar concert DVD, The Royal Albert Hall Celebration, recorded in 1998, as a tribute to ALW's 50th birthday. Although some similarities with the repertoire do exist, there are many novelties here for us to enjoy.First, the cast in this Beijing concert does not boast with so many big names, but this is not a drawback. The only real celebrity here is Elaine Paige, the one and only first lady of the British musical theatre, who starred in many ALW's shows (original West End Evita in 1978, original West End Grizabella in Cats in 1981, Sunset Boulevard's Norma Desmond both on Broadway and in the West End). Elaine gives a strong lead here. Her soprano is terrific in most of the songs, even though her Don't cry for me Argentina sounds too thin (after all, Elaine hasn't got the big voice of Patti LuPone). Her rendition of As if we never said goodbye from Sunset Boulevard is particularly worth mentioning, since it is much better than over-the-top/vocally weak performance Glenn Close gave on the Royal Albert Hall DVD.The leading male stare is Kris Phillips (Fei Xiang), a Chinese-British star from lots of ALW's productions. Phillips has the right stage presence and a good singing voice, thus justifying the fact he is the most featured artist of the concert. He is exceptional in some parts (The Phantom of the opera, Joseph), while good at others (JC Superstar). The third male lead is the young and handsome Tony Vincent, who can be seen at the 2001 video recording of Superstar, playing Simon Zelotes. He gets to sing Superstar, The money kept rolling in from Evita and joins Paige and Phillips in Friends for life.Some of the other songs are sung by the young and unknown singers, gathered by the process of auditioning. No problem with that, since they are all exceptional vocalists. The girl who sings Wishing you were somehow here again from The Phantom is thrilling, much better than Emmy Rossum in the movie version.As for the repertoire, all the shows (minus By Jeeves and Starlight Express) ALW wrote until then are there. We are treated with some of the rarely performed stuff, such as Macavity: The mystery cat, The money kept rolling in and Take that look of your face from Song & Dance. Of course, the big tunes such as Memory, The Phantom songs, Love changes everything from Aspects of Love, together with a nice instrumental medley of the melodies from the latter show, are all there. The concert is nicely wrapped up with Friends for life-Amigos para siempre, a song ALW was asked to write for the 1992 Barcelona Olympic Games, here sung partly in Chinese.If anything, this DVD proves another important fact. For a long time, ALW's detractors have been claiming he writes empty spectacles that heavily rely on big names and imposing stage sets. This DVD proves just the opposite. Take away all the sets, costumes and star names, assemble some talented singers and what you do get is outstanding melodies written by the man who managed to find the way to the modern musical theatre lovers like no other composer of modern times. Here the music is free to speak for itself. And it does so in a most convincing way.If you love ALW's music, or simply are into modern musicals, be sure to check this out.
I got this book after going to the racetrack one day and poring over the racing form in confusion. I didn't even bet because I didn't know what I was looking at. I thought this book, being of the "Dummies" variety, would be a good introduction to betting. Wrong!I found this book very difficult to understand, and one almost certainly must have prior knowledge of betting to understand some of the concepts in this book. The author gives a lot of examples, but they are in such fine print that I couldn't read them! I would need a magnifying glass to see what he was talking about in many, many examples. He progresses very quickly from beginner definitions to advanced betting concepts, and it wasn't organized in a logical, straightforward fashion. This book is not geared toward the casual bettor like me, but more towards someone who already has some knowledge of betting and is looking to set up a money-making system.After getting about 3/4 of the way through this book, I threw my hands up in despair and gave up. I guess I won't be betting on the horses anytime soon, because I still don't have a clue after reading this.
I found this on the street after it came off somebody's bike. It has flown off my bike once, luckily I heard it hit. Use some rubber bands or stretchy tape to help secure it to seat bag loop.Not as sophisticated as the super flash models, but not bad at much less cost. Less likely to get stolen too. But, if you want the best get a super flash.All tail lights should be tested and alignment checked before leaving the house. Alignment is critical and sloppy installation can degrade performance of lights by 90%.
I had just started high school when this show came out and it was very popular. I had seen a compilation of various shows on DVD and it was very good. I looked forward to Kotter being released in its entirety. I have not been disappointed. I still like it and so do my kids. Everyone knows the main characters and all their catch phrases. So simple, but so funny. The first season will also show Debralee Scott who, in 1976, began playing Mary Hartman's sister.A blast from the past and good clean 70's fun.
There are very few gay christians who do not go through a struggle between their faith and their sexuality. This books explains everything, is easy to read, and is not boring. I recommend this for everyone to read..be they gay or not. In this book, God is glorified, and the integrity of scripture upheld.
I just stumbled on to this CD being a big Ozric Tentacles fan.This is amazing if you like spacey layered synthesizer music. Most tracks have a soothing feeling to them. I turn this on at work if I'm stressed out. It has the compositional flair and complexity that the Ozrics have without the intense guitar.
An illustrated, complete book of garden plants. Offers great information for the advanced as well as the novice gardener. One negative aspect is it's size and weight. Very cumbersome to handle which is not conducive to longevity of the spine of the book. Would have been better published in two volumes.
This book is very insightful, because it helps us question something that is so often taken for granted: the shape of buildings around us. It is a fast read at only 120 pages, but touches on several big ideas about the influence of architecture on individuals as well as countries and history. My amateur interest in architecture is spurred to further investigation after reading this informative and provocative book.I'm giving it 5 stars for the readability and "a-ha" spark of realization factor. The book is not without its flaws, as it is clearly based on a series of lectures, so suffers from the typical continuity/context issues that stricter editing could have cured. Originally addressed to people familiar with modern architecural history and Ivy League colleges of the United States, some of the unexplained references earlier in the book are eventually resolved in later chapters. One other criticism is that so much of the book seems to be an "ad hominum" attack on Gropius, even going so far as to psycho-analyze several events in rather symbolic detail.
This book was... cute.It gave me a few... cute ideas.This book is not a manual. This book is a "Hey, girlfriend! I bought you a gift!" book.This is a "I have nothing else to do, so I'm going to do some cute pleasure reading with this cute book" book.So I give it 1 star.If you already know that this book is not supposed to actually help you live your life better, then get it. If you're looking for a manual of style, this is not it.
What a wonderful surprise to discover that HEP (who else, one is tempted to ask) has finally decided to reissue some of Whiteman's recordings from the late thirties. Whereas most reissues tend to concentrate on the Bix, Trum and Bing years (to the uninitiated, the mid to late twenties) the thirties have been sadly overlooked. True, Whiteman's orchestra had lost its place as one of the biggest crowd-drawers, and it still was more of a show band than a swing band featuring only a minimal amount of jazz, but towards the end of the decade things began to improve. Whiteman tried to reclaim some of the ground lost to the Goodmans et al. by splitting his orchestra up into smaller units (e.g. the swing wing, the bouncing brass and the sax soctette) that featured Jack and Charlie Teagarden, Mif Mole (Big T's replacement), drummer George Wettling and saxists Art Drelinger on tenor and Al Gallodoro (whom I had the good fortune to see and hear performing as late as the 2001 North Sea Jazz Festival, where he recreated his role in the Whiteman Sax Soctette, as nimble fingered as ever) on alto. There is also that famous vocal group, The Modernaires, who had not yet attained the polish they would become famous for a little later with Glenn Miller. They are featured at lenght, perhaps a touch too much of them to suit the real jazz afficcionados, although their harmonizing was at the time very modern. Also, some of their titles are not very good, which detracts some of the listening pleasure. But all in all a good CD to have. Remastering and booklet info are, as always with HEP beyond reproach.
This is a pre-cursor to the new album &quot;Relationship of Command.&quot; These songs are amazing, as amazing as anything ATDI has done, but can not even begin to prepare you for the entirety of the amazing new album. Nothing for years to come will come even close to touching this masterpiece. Grand Royal is lucky they added this band to their stable now, because the heat is only starting. Pre-order now or miss out on the blaze... Relationship of Command 1. Arc Arsenal 2. Pattern Against User 3. One Armed Scissor 4. Sleepwalk Capsules 5. Invalid Litter Dept. 6. Mannequin Republic 7. Enfilade 8. Rolodex Propaganda 9. Quarantined 10. Cosmonaut 11. Non-zero Possibility
The layout on this case wasn't designed for the Canon EOS 5D Mark II. I am not sure exactly which camera it was made for (possibly the Canon EOS 5D). The vendor nicely refunded me on this mistake, so AAA+++ to them for that.
Darren is constantly trying to write message songs. This rarely works. Hayes has an amazing voice, and this is his problem. He used this beautiful voice to cover up mediocre lyrics. Outside of Luka and Big Yellow Taxi few good message songs have ever been written, they just come across as preachy.When Hayes says "Harry dropped the bomb anyway," he kills a decent song by showing he knows nothing of history. Why not focus on what you know about?There are few singers today with as much talent as Hayes, and it's a pity he's covering up weak material with such a beautiful voice. Hire a decent songwriter and get back to universal topics like love or even a celebration of music, like the song "Spin" could've been had it not been a mere message song
This product is the HP manufacturer cartridge...Amazon has average costs with free shipping over $25 so I always shop around and/or compare prices and always return here to purchase.
The Persian Puzzle is a very good history of the relationship between the United States and Iran -- a relationship, in both its positives and negatives, that most Americans are ignorant of in all but the broadest and most general senses. Given the centrality of the Middle East to the world economy, and the prominence of the nation of Iran (under whatever current, historical, or hypothetical government) in the region the one sure thing is that the dynamic between the United States and Iran will continue to be an issue of great significance.Pollack, whose credentials concerning the region are quite solid, provides an excellent starting point for those interested in understanding how the US-Iranian relationship has evolved through time. He does so in a manner that does not shy away from recognizing the cultural quirks in both nations (i.e. Iranian pride and nationalism, the deficit in long-term planning and attention span in the US, among other things on both sides) have left their mark on the relationship. To acknowledge that people are not generically people, but possessed of differing values, ideals, etc., by dint of cultural variation may be problematic to some, but it is, at the end of the day, also entirely realistic and any analysis that glosses over such differences of world view between Iranians and Americans is bound to fail.The first portion of the book provides a relatively brief overview of Iranian history as a means of setting the scene for the last 60 years, which makes up the bulk of the book which covers up into the George W Bush presidency and the war in Iraq and Afghanistan (details of which, pertaining to Iran, may very well surprise the average reader). Some other reviewers of this book, whom I suspect have not read the work at all, have been critical of Pollack because he was an advocate of military intervention in Iraq -- as a caveat to that, I would note that, first of all, he has apparently revised his assessment now that the incredibly poor quality of pre-war intelligence has been revealed, and also would note that he is not in any way, shape, or form a unwavering cheerleader for the Bush administration. He certainly gives the Bush administration credit where credit is due, but he, likewise, finds fault with the administration as well -- only Jimmy Carter's inept handling of the Iranian revolution seems to generate more criticism from Pollack (who was most intimately involved in Middle East policy during the Clinton administration) than the Bush administrations inability to formulate a coherent response to Iran.As is customary in these sorts of works, the final portion of the book is dedicated to analysis and policy suggestions for the future of US-Iranian relations, which Pollack suggested (correctly, as subsequent events have borne out) that the issue of Iranian nuclear weapons development will be the central concern driving US policy. The reader, depending on their politics, may find themselves in agreement or disagreement with the author on these policy suggestions but, like them or hate them, they are seperable from an excellent historical narrative that focuses on an issue that more Americans really should understand thoroughly.I highly recommend this book and would urge any potential reader to look beyond the various uninformed reviewers who are projecting their anti-Iraq War politics or other political agendas onto this book. As I said previously -- agree or disagree with his conclusions as you will, but the history presented is an invaluable education for Americans who wish to understand our nation's present and future actions in the Middle East.
This book was packed with great Las Vegas history as a well as a magnificent account of the professional sports bettor's life style. What I liked best about this book is that it gave me the chance to fantasize about moving to Vegas and being a professional gambler with out actually having to do it.
This product isn't easy to use or clean, and its quite painful. It did not retard hair growth. It did not do a thorough job; hand tweezing was required afterwards. Tried it on my legs, too; another disappointment.
Nice small flashlight. Leds are the future as they use much less power; your batteries last a long time. Right now most led flashlights are expensive. This one is not.
OREGON band dandy warhols sound very like mid ninties britpop bands Supergrass, Blur and Space etc, etc... But as it was with Rock, punk, tecno genres which originated in Britain these Americans jump on the bandwagon and outdo their British forefathers(Boston tea party 1997?). This album is a masterpiece and has all the usual indie hooks and harmonies catchy, bouncy tunes like 'Boys better', 'cool as kim Deal', 'Every Day should be a holiday' and also as with most indie albums there are chill out songs like the addictively bluesy 'Orange' and the brilliant instrumental 'The Creep out'. This is without doubt one of the finest albums of the ninties and easily dandy's best so far. Who needs Britpop when you've good Yankpop(!!!!???).
My son has missed peppermint patties for over a year, these honey mints are FABULOUS and he loves them too.Allergy free goodness!
****SPOILER FREE REVIEW****I loved ERIC FLINT'S 1632 Series (Well, the first 2 books before the entire series turned into garbage) and saw this book which was in a similar vein.Bought it and glad I did. Though the first two chapters didn't grab me, i'm glad I stuck through and read that third chapter. From there, I blazed through the rest of the book over the next two days.Love the characters, world building, set up, and writing. Great story and definitely worth getting. I just hope it doesn't degrade like Eric Flint's series.I'm ording the second book of the series now and can't wait to jump into that as well.Overall, the research and plot are well thought out and plausible.
This pad works fine. I installed it no problems on my P3-450 and it works fine. I have a variety of racing, shootemup, sim and sports games (including Madden games) and it is cool as heck. Beats the keyboard. I recommend it.
When my little drip coffee maker kicked the bucket and I needed a replacement, I decided to try a 4 cup electric percolator instead of a new drip coffee maker, with the following hopes:- It would be easy to keep clean.- It would make a hotter cup of coffee.- It would be quick.- I wouldn't need to use filters.- The coffee would taste good (I like strong coffee, but not bitter).After about a month of use, I'm happy to say that most of my hopes have been fulfilled.- It is so easy to keep clean, which of course contributes to consistently good coffee.- The coffee is so hot that I have to wait for it to cool before I can drink it. If I want milk, I don't have to worry about it cooling my coffee too much!- It's pretty quick, 3 or 4 minutes to brew 2 cups. About the same as my little drip brewer used to be.- I find that I still prefer to use a paper filter, although when I don't, there are still fewer grounds in my coffee than there used to be when I used the mesh filter that came with my old drip machine.- The coffee is wonderful. I don't mind Folgers and Maxwell House; I drink either on weekday mornings to save money, and they do taste much better perc'ed. But on the weekends, I treat myself to fresh ground "specialty" beans, and I can really taste the difference! With the drip maker, everything tasted kind of the same. Additionally, I've found that I use less ground coffee to make the same strength of brewed coffee (I don't know if that's because the water temperature is hotter).A few tips that I've found helpful (found either from reviews here or elsewhere online):- Make sure that the washer at the base of the tube is free and rattling, not stuck to the fixed washer. Otherwise, the coffee will not perc long enough and it'll be weak.- Wetting the basket before adding the ground coffee keeps the grounds in the basket better.- If you don't want to use a filter and you don't want sediment, use an ounce or so more water than you want, and don't pour the dregs into your mug.I'm very happy with my new percolator. And it's cute, too!Update: I've been using my percolator almost daily for a year now, and I'm still completely happy with it.
Of course Jack's getting a high rating. Ive seen this film a gazillion of times and FINALLY switched over to dvd. I know, I know, by the time Ive completely switched over to dvd something new will be in. For now, I can happily live w this dvd from Amazon.
Excellent, better than the Order of the Phoenix (which I didn't like). It rates up there with the Goblet of Fire as one of the more 'exciting' novels in the series. J.K Rowling further develops the characters and takes them a higher level - they are young adolescents. Lots of surpises. The real sides of characters come into light - allies or enemies. New characters are introduced. Harry and his friends encounter love trouble - Harry finds his second 'crush' and what a surprise the object of his affections is! JK Rowling has sculpted this character beautifully without letting everything run too smoothy - Harry doesn't always gets his way and thus feels a lot of frustration when things don't quite go the way he wants and his opinions aren't being listened too. This time, Harry's friends are more skeptical of his suspicions and this is a great source of frustration as Harry is made out to be obsessed. Dumbledore and Harry's r/ship becomes closer as Dumbledore imparts his knowledge and all that he can about the Prophecy. JK Rowling has also opened up a whole new path for Harry and his friends at the end of the book - it certainly won't be repetitious material we will read in future editions. It is likely the series will have 4 more to come for all those Potter fans. An enjoyable read with much to keep you entertained.
As a presentation of modern psychology tied up neatly in a package about who we are below the waterline, what makes Wilson's accomplishment with this book so great is not that it is so accessible but that it manages to maintain scientific integrity without loosing the ability to be a good read for non-psychologists. Too often, psychologists are forced into writing Pop Psych, a watered down and often factually incorrect form of writing that ties up a neat package that says "here is the truth, and it must be The Truth because it is science!" What Wilson does, by contrast, is use appropriate science to suggest that though we don't have all the answers, we can begin to approach The Truth about ourselves by looking at our lives and actions, rather than waiting for a theory to which we can then conform our lives.Though he doesn't rail against Pop Psych in the book, it is burbling below the surface; that we don't need a Freud-like analysts to say "this is the way it is" but can rather look at ourselves and find at least a good part of the way it is by simply accepting what we do as a suitable heuristic for the practical portion of our subconscious.
A great album if you come from Pittsburgh or like the band Ween. Maybe if you like They Might be Giants - but that's a stretch. Weird Paul is a cool mixture of everything that was good and bad about lo-fi rock of the nineties. However, his song about Scott Baio is a classic in its own right and it worth buying the album for. If Paul and Manny ever got it together to make another album, it would most certainly go platinum.
Despite reading a review that said this blanket only lasted a few months, I went ahead and bought it because of the Sunbeam name and the fact there aren't many electric blankets to choose from. I only used one control to heat one side of the blanket and never set it above 10. Three months later, the blanket would no longer heat on the side I was using. I switched to the other side and within a month that side stopped heating. So now it is entirely dead. It will not heat at all no matter how high you set it. I paid a lot to only have it last three months. It has a 5 year warranty but I have to pay to ship it back. What am I supposed to do, pay every three months to have it shipped back for repair?
Just when I think I've read the best book of the year thus far, along comes a book like this one that just completely disarms me. "THE WARMEST DECEMBER" is just such a disarming book.This healing story of an adult child of an alcoholic parent and an alcoholic herself will move readers to tender, poignant smiles and an occasional tear. Kenzie Lowe, the main character, manages through a series of memories and flashbacks at her dying father's bedside to reconcile with her brutal past and turn her hurt and rage to forgiveness and acceptance. A healing story written with heart and emotion, "THE WARMEST DECEMBER" is one of the most moving novels I've ever come across.A must read for anyone who has ever lived under the influence of alcoholism. Adult children of alcoholics will see a great deal of themselves in Kenzie and will cheer her on her road to recovery. An absolutely unforgettable keeper!
I do not know who to hate more, Terry Goodkind for writing this generic bloated book, or the editor for a blatant lack of compentence in editing and letting this get published. Not nearly as bad as the later Wheel of Time books, but not nearly as good as the earlier ones, either. The only reason to read this book is if you are an aspiring fantasy author (like me) and need a really fat ego-boost and a readily availible example of poor prose and bad dialog.I do not have too many complaints about the plot, or the bit that I saw (I could not bring myself to finish the book) except that the history barely went back a hundred years, and it kind of seems contrived. It IS fantasy, after all.This could have been a much better book, but Goodkind has a very poor grasp of the English language. This was very, very slow reading for me, as I am extremely critical, because I found myself mentally restructuring every single sentence the man wrote. Here's an example: "It wasn't Chase; it was a woman, a woman in a dress"(7). This is how an eleven year old writes. The sentence should read, "It was not Chase, but a woman wearing a dress." If Goodkind actually new how to write, he could have easily saved the book, but it became so bogged down in heinous prose that I had to stop.Besides the writing style, The book is sometimes extremely illogical. At one point, our hero Richard's brother Michael, a councilman, makes an annoying rambling speech about banning fire because some people get killed (the equivalent of banning people from the Golden Gate Bridge becaue some of them decide to commit suicide) and I thought, what a god-awful speech! Then after, Goodkind goes on to say that it was moving and eloquent and brought tears to the men in the audience and caused the women to weep openly. WTF? This made absolutely no sense to me and I read on with a look of utter bafflement on my face.I tried to break two hundred pages, but at that I failed. I ground to a halt at page 130. If you want to read some excellent WELL-WRITTEN fantasy, pick up A Song of Ice and Fire by George RR Martin or The Farseer Trilogy by Robin Hobb. These people know how to write.If you don't mind crappy writing style, this book is fine, not the worst I've read (or tried to read). But if you are extremely picky in the fantasy you read, I do not recommend it.
This package (Targus Digital TG-LCD2700 AA/AAA Charger) contains a '2-hour' smart charger, car adapter, and four '2700mAh' rechargeable AA cells.The charger is a surprisingly capable unit. Here are its main features:- It accepts 100-240V AC input, or 12-24V DC input (with the included cigarette lighter adapter).- It charges 1-4 AA or AAA cells in any combinations.- It has a 'Discharge' button to exercise new cells, or cells that have not been used for a long time.- The LCD panel has individual status bar for each cell. During charging, each status bar flashes to represent the 'readiness' of cell. Initially, only the bottom 1-2 bars may be flashing. As the battery voltage increases, higher bars start to flash. Finally, all 4 bars remain steady when the charging is completed. The bars will even flash in different patterns in case of high-impedance cells. (see my Customer Image)Although this is called a '2-hour' charger, the actual charge time depends on number of cells and capacity. For 1-2 AA cells, the charging current is 1A each, so it takes 2 hours to fully recharge a pair of 2000mAh cells. But to recharge four 2500mAh cells, it will take 2500mAh/500mA = 5 hours instead.One problem with this charger: even when charging current is 500mA each (for 4 cells), batteries become toasty hot near end of charge. In comparison, cells only become slightly warm when charged at 500mA on myLa Crosse Technology BC-900 AlphaPower Battery Charger.ThoseTargus 2700 mAh NiMH batteriesincluded in the package, on the other hand, are of very poor quality. After forcing them through at least 12 Discharge/Refresh cycles on my BC-900, they only reached 65% of the rated capacity. It is simply not worth paying anything for those junk batteries.In summary, the LCD2700 makes a very good compact travel charger for occasional use. But for about the same cost, theLa Crosse BC-700is a much better charger for taking care of your rechargeable batteries.[Update on Nov 21, 2009]It turns out the over-heating problem was with the Targus 2700 batteries. They probably suffered from high internal resistance, which caused them to heat up during charging. I re-tested charging 4 eneloop AA cells in the Targus charger, and those only got slightly warm.[Update on Nov 22, 2010]I came to appreciate the Targus LCD2700 charger more over the past year. It turns out to be my second most-frequently-used charger (after the BC-900). At the current low price of around $20, it is worth getting the package for the charger alone. Just think of the Targus batteries as freebies.
I have 3 inside cats and 5 outdoors/feral cats.NONE of the cats will do anything more than sniff these. Even the outside cats that will eat ANYTHING, wont go near them.I tried to break them up and mix with their food, but they suddenly have developed a desire to go on a starvation diet.Unless you cats like dried fish, dont waste your money on this product
This game has two outstanding and remarkable features. First, there is full 3-D movement throughout those scenes. The images are active and full. Your movement is not instantaneous click and jump to a different angle, zoom or closeup. You actually move through the scene. Second, the imaginative worlds. They are really breathtaking and vivid. These features alone make the game worth owning.Puzzles range from simple to virtually impossbile. Plot and objective is less than motivating and uncertain until nearly the end of the game.Moving about freely in unique and imaginative 3-D worlds is what this game is all about and makes it first rate. It is also what separates it from the point, click and jump adventure games. This is very close to virtual reality.
I don't know why this album did not make a bigger splash when it came out. Its fun and tight through and through with some of their best work. Track #7 "Take It as It Comes" alone is worth the price of the CD but all the tracks will have you hoping.While you are here pick up Acid Eaters (another gem that I waited to long to get also).
I originally chose this because my son (then ~14 mos) was fascinated with keys and I thought it would be fun for him to have theses houses with keys to open the doors... however, (as others have mentioned) the doors just pop off... which my son seems to like- he enjoys filling the houses with little pigs and people, stacking the houses in each other, popping the doors off and watching them be clicked back in (which he is now starting to attempt himself, ~17 mos) and just sticking the keys in the keyholes and trying to turn them (door need not be attached to house for this). So, even though these don't work as you would think (doors to be opened by keys), it is one of my son's favorites- he loves this set-- it keeps him engaged and helps develop fine motor skills...
Today I read in the paper that Schindler's List was named by some group as the best film of the decade. I told him that the movie was very good, but but did not compare with a book I read about 30 years ago. And that was Mila 18. I now can look back and say that this is one of the best books I have ever read. I plan to find a copy and reread it.
This was the first Nancy Drew game I played and it got me hooked. My husband was walking by during one of the puzzles I was trying to solve and he sat down to see what it was about and ended up playing the entire game with me. We both found this game to be very challenging and addictive. This is a great game for all ages although it might be a little scary for some youngsters.One thing that we found amusing about this game was a little hidden text. There is a challenge where you will go downstairs to a room (kind of like a lab) and read some letters and notes. This is towards the end of the game. The main part you are supposed to read is darker than the rest of the text. If you strain and read the lighter text, you will see some interesting things there. It's been a while since we played it so I don't remember the exact text but it had to do with views towards the current president. We thought it was amusing that the writer/programmer put that in there.Overall a great game with some difficult puzzles.
This is by far the best collection of Steve Wariner's hits available, simply for the reason that it is the only one which contains the great hit song "Why Goodbye", which is absolutely the best country/pop song ever written or performed, and showcases the best vocal performance of Steve's career. Including the songs "Kansas City Lights" and "All Roads Lead to You" doesn't hurt either. You will hear more of the "pop" side of Steve's talent on this CD, which in my opinion, is the best side.
When I first sat down to watch &quot;Winds of War,&quot; I was sure that I would be disappointed. After all, how many movies and television series live up to the book? The only example I've ever come across is Larry mcMurtry's &quot;Lonesome Dove.&quot; However, with the exception of a few casting errors, &quot;Winds of War,&quot; is the perfect example of how a powerful story can correct all other blunders. Some complain that the movie is too long, but I feel this only adds to it's authenticity and attention to detail. Thank God Herman Wouk had a hand in writing the screenplay. Michem plays the character of Pug a little too flatly, but he gets the job done. I agree with those who say the parts of Byron and Natalie weren't cast very well, but again, the story drowns out all flaws. The best trait is that the series is very faithful to the book. Several reviewers have complained that many issues go unresolved in this story. Obviously, these people wrote their commentary before viewing or reading the sequel, &quot;War and Remembrance.&quot; This is a beautifully krafted masterpiece and it is far superior to most other popular works of WWII fiction.
It's difficult to identify much in this album that is unique, much less compelling. The music is derivative in the worst way: rather than meld, the music only mixes Ali Farka Toure and world beat vagaries. This sounds very much as though it was created backwards, starting with marketing and sales, and ending with the quality of the music itself. If slickly-produced Starbucks soundtracks are not your cup of tea, then you will want to avoid this.
this set is the worse i have ever had, and i have had many. while it comes with assorted inputs such as hdml...it does no good as the set is not capable of using a PC or hdml input. running my laptop hdml output to the tv's hdml input results in NOTHING. in the tv program setup it is blank when it comes to acepting PC or hdml inputs.the are long delays in using the 'clicker' where the tv does not immediately respond so there is a doubt if the tv actually got the signal from the pressing of the button on the remote, enough time that i find myself double clicking trying to get a response.the sensitivity also is very low, we have never been able to get any 'over airwave' digital signal and thus tv reception. i have tried various digital antennas to no avail. granted we live 60 miles from the nearest tv station, i would have thought this would have not been an issue. we use the tv strictly for watching dvd's. we had hoped to stream video to it via the laptop but that is a no-go as mentioned above.i wish i had not have bought this. i think it is imperative to go to a brick/mortar store first before buying sight unseen online.the picture is as one would expect, adequate, but not exceptional. the set-up program is like an irritating phone tree, useable if you go thru the process but hate to be put to the test. and again the delays between the remote and the tv responding certainly adds to the frustration is 'tweeking' the tv via the set-up portion of the programming.
I loved the style of writing.This book shaves finances down to the basics. It made money management extremely easy to understand and entertained me at the same time!
This ISN'T Joseph. I am his oldest daughter.I love this movie. It potrays the seventies as a really cool time. The skating moves were awesome and the plot was really cool. The actors were great, especially Mixed Mike (Khleo Thomas) and X (Shad Moss a.k.a. Bow Wow). Although, Nick Cannon wasn't all that great.The music was really great and it definitely fits the movie.People you have got to go see this movie. It's hilarious and it will have you dancing in your seat the whole time.
I like these lights because they have dark green wires, which works best in my situation. I'm using them indoors, on the railing of a staircase, and they really brighten up my living room in this dreary season.
First let me tell you why I wanted this set of headphones. I wanted it at work for my PC. I work in an open cubicle environment. (Hate it.) And it's just amazing how noise travels through open space. It's quite fantastic really. I guess it's what allows us to communicate verbally. I just wish they would do their communicating a couple of buildings over.I wanted a headphone that would muffle the background noise and I also wanted very good sound quality. I've purchased Sennheiser headphones before and I became hooked on their great sound reproduction! And this HD-280 is kudos on all accounts. It does an excellent job of drowning out neighborly squawking. It even dulls the clicking of my keyboard as I type this. (Unnerving!) The sound quality is absolutely amazing. I can pick up little defects in the recordings and I've never experienced that before. I can even hear in some songs the singer taking a little gulp of air and somtimes hear the stickiness of the tongue against the roof of the mouth as the singer sings the songs!But you do want to burn them in which just means that you shouldn't judge the sound quality of these headphones until you've listened to them for a week or two. My headphones are burned in somewhat and they're getting better everyday! The midtones get way more defined and the bass gets deeper.As for the comfort and construction, excellent again. I wear glasses and the closed ear muffs don't bother me. They are well made. And I can listen to these for hours on end. As for the construction, I don't understand what people are complaining about. It's absolutely solid!Buy these headphones!
I got this book because I really wanted to read Robbed Without a Gun. Well I am so glad I didn't buy them both. Not to be mean and take away from Ms. Smiths' ability to create. The story just went around and around in circles and never said anything interesting. Actually it gave me a headache. I didn't complete the story I could not get pass all the designer name dropping and the fact that she just didnt seem to have much commen sense.I gave this story 2 stars for the author's efforts.
I saw this film by mistake, and it only taught me how bad big budgetcinema can be. During the film I frequently asked myself: Why do thesebad films keep on being made? Why manufacture "more of the same"? OK,some women are very nice Willa Holland & Kate Walsh, probably even nicer. And there's theoccasional line by a big actor that tries to deliver us from pain. Inthis case, Paul Bettany's. But saving this film is like trying the"unsink" the Titanic. Dennis Quaid should be banned from cinemas, likean alcoholic/ any drug user :).If I had to get any "redeeming qualities", trying hard I'd get themodest "philosophical" dialogues when the willfully opposite charactersspeak out their conscience during guards, before "the evil ones come upto get them". And I did feel moderately scared at a couple of times,thou probably an expensive cinema's sub woofers helped a lot tofabricate this desired effect. But it was Amazon reviewer Paul Gaitawho really gave me the creeps when he wrote that there may be a sequelcoming...My favourite character would be Doug Jones. His wicked ice cream vendoris scary, thou we all know it's just the juxtaposition of "somethingreally good, associated to childhood and its easy pleasures" and well,"violent hungry dead people at night" or whichever crap that stuffs ournightmares. Charles S. Dutton's down to earthiness was also refreshing,pity his character is dealt with so simply. I liked the trite buteffective "father's words of wisdom". Yes, it's been said before, andway better, but "Carpe diem" is never completely put to practice in ourlives, right? Adrianne Palicki is nice in the IMDb pictures, but not onthe film, which proves how bad cinematography is. Corny, dark in a badsense, trivial.Avoid at all costs, unless you want to have some cheap fun.PS: If you insist on enduring it, get some beer and an XL popcorn, forthis film really sucks. In a world where you can watch a Pasolini film,hear anything of Bach or watch a De Chirico painting. this kind offilms...
This is a really nice, quality made strainer that works very well. And, as one reviewer noted, it can be used from either side.Very satisfied.
I was thrilled to find a viable powered alternative to the classic hand-powered staple gun! This stapler does a fine job of sinking Arrow T-50 staples into anything you want. You can staple away all day without a sore hand, and if you have reduced hand/arm strength, this tool opens up a variety of new possibilities. The gun itself is VERY small; even smaller than most 23-gauge pinners. It's so small and light weight that it almost feels like a toy, but it shoots staples into wood and engineered-wood products without any hesitation. No need to follow your stapler with a hammer to flush down protruding staples - as long as the nose of the stapler is flat on the workpiece, and you're getting appropriate pressure from your compressor, staples will be consistently flush. All in all, this is a HUGE improvement over your basic hand-powered staple gun, if you're anywhere near a compressor.HOWEVER - compared to other pneumatic staplers and small nailers, this tool is distinctly cheap. Not only in price, but also in quality. On par with, or slightly below, Harbor Freight standards for cheap pneumatic guns. In other words, functional, but not pretty or graceful. I suspect that it wouldn't stand up to heavy daily use. But for ~30 bucks, what do you expect? It works! At this price, buy an extra if you abuse your tools, and shoot staples two-handed until one gun breaks. The red plastic window cover (which is supposed to tell you how many staples are left) fell off the FIRST time I used this gun. Good thing that isn't critical - if anything, it's easier to see your remaining staples without that window cover in place. The rubber handle cover doesn't quite fit right, and feels like it would wear through and fall off with moderate use and scuffing. Paint is minorly chipped in a few places. In general, fit and finish are... rough.To sum up: If you're looking to upgrade from a handheld staple gun, this stapler will be a revelation. If you need to fire Arrow T-50-type staples quickly, easily, and consistently, this is your ONLY choice. However, if you're looking for a general-purpose pneumatic stapler, you can do better, even in this price range. (Hence the dropped star in my rating). A refurbished brand-name stapler (Hitachi, Bostitch, etc.), or a new mid-tier model (Husky/Campbell Hausfeld) will be a significant step up in quality for only a small step up in price.A few other observations about this stapler:-As has been mentioned in other reviews, don't buy special "fine-wire" staples - just go to your local hardware store or home center and buy the standard Arrow T-50 staples in whatever length you want (1/4" - 9/16"). I found them significantly cheaper at my orange home center than through this online retailer - I paid 10 bucks for a pack of 5000 Arrow-brand half-inch staples.-Staples are loaded from the bottom of the magazine, in contrast to most other guns I've used that load from the top or from the back.-Depth of drive is controlled by pressure alone; there's no adjustable drive depth on the gun itself.-The safety tip in the nose must be depressed against your workpiece before a staple is fired, and then single staples are fired each time the trigger is pulled. No rapid-fire "bump mode" that I could find.-It seems to use VERY little air - significantly less than my 18-gauge brad nailer (i.e. I can fire a lot more staples between compressor cycles than I can fire brad nails).-Exhaust air is ported through an adjustable nozzle on the top of the gun, as is typical for basic small pneumatic guns.-I think it's odd that the item description says "Narrow Crown" - I'd call this medium crown, especially compared to standard "narrow-crown" (1/4" crown width) 18-ga pneumatic staplers.-The case is typical blow-molded imported junk (again, think Harbor Freight). It'll keep the dust off your tool, but the case is extremely cheap, won't last long unless you're gentle with it, and doesn't have any handy features like compartments to carry extra staples.
no, i'm not kidding, somebody actually had the nerve to call hawthorne heights a "modern hardcore classic". yeah, you just keep thinking that, okay? meanwhile, the rest of us will stick to the REAL modern classics like Thursday's "war all the time", UnderOath's "they're only chasing saftey" or Emery's "the weak's end". modern hXc classic? HA, thats funny.
Amazon.com doesn't provide an option for zero stars, but that's my rating.There are so many reviews of this film, I'm reluctant to add to them. But I can't resist.My girlfriend and I rented it, just out of curiosity. Twenty minutes into it, we were looking at each other and asking, "Should we turn this off now?" We asked each other this question three times as the film got stupider and stupider. It was like watching a traffic accident: You know better, but you want to see what happens.Well, nothing happens, unless you enjoy seeing a 20-year old girl stabbing her father in the neck with a pair of scissors.This film is an amoral piece of trash. It's typical of Hollywood: Go for brainless sensationalism, and forget anything meaningful or life-affirming--or even sensible.The suspension-of-disbelief factor in this film is over the top: Demi Moore, who can't act and is nothing more than a magazine model, plays a homicide cop who just happens to be worth $60 million. Costner, as Brooks, goes to AA meetings because of his "addiction," which is serial killing. The moron played by Dana Cook just likes to see people getting killed because it's fun. William Hurt is an embarrassment as Brooks' alter ego. What a wonderful part, Mr. Hurt: You get to encourage a serial killer to keep on keeping on.It never ceases to amaze me just how low Hollywood can go.Some idiots think this film is some kind of brilliant farce or black comedy. Give me a break. Farce and black comedy require intelligence. Here there is none--and I mean none. Zero.This is an incredibly bad movie--beyond bad. It's utterly senseless, and it's offensive to anyone who has a modicum of intelligence.Hitchcock said, "Actors are cattle." This film proves the point. These so-called actors will do anything to make a buck, even if it's a film that presents the lowest level of human behavior as "entertainment."Please don't not waste your money renting this film. Take the money and donate it to a charity that helps people. The morons who made this garbage don't deserve a dime of your money.
I absolutley loved the book, but the movie literally SUCKED. Totally did not do the book justice. Please read the book...screw the movie!
A stable of characters that you will never forget. The author brings them to life in masterful fashion. This is what people mean when they speak of character development. WSM understood women and men, their relationships, and their strengths and weaknesses. Its' message is as resounding and absolute now as it was decades ago....perhaps it is even more relevant in this time of McMansions and the 15000 Dow. I have met a few people like Larry in this world. They always had a great affect on me, leaving me yearning to become more selfless, more generous and kind. This wonderful novel instills in me the same feelings; it inspires the goodness of man.
Words to describe this CD: haunting, beautiful, lush. These describe the beauty that is Enya's music to a T. Definitely a keeper.
Sara Gruen spins a fascinating tale of murder, love, obsession, and life in Water for Elephants. The characters were interesting and well developed. Her portrayal of the elderly was spot-on without being stereotypical. That's a very difficult thing to do; not many authors are capable of unraveling the story of an elderly character.Her portrayal of circus life is intriguing, and the characters never failed to invoke strong feelings of endearment, horror, amusement, or pity. I wouldn't call this a "must read," but it is definitely an interesting story that was well written and well researched.
This game, is one of the best games for GC, and at an awsome price! I first played the old one at my friend's house last summer, and when I played this one, I was really happy.When you play in this game, the graphics acually made your experience more fun. There are many hidden secrets to some of the levels. And, they can be useful, or harmful to your character.My friends and I always put it on Camera mode and go to the Hyrule Temple, and play Link, Gandorf, and Zelda/Sheik. We come up with awsome pictures and we make up our own storylines. It's really cool.The one player can get boring, but, when doing it for Trophies, then it's kind of worth it.Overall, there are more things that make this game awsome, but I really can't say, for I don't own the game. I'm hoping to buy it soon, now that is cheeper.
There are some good lyrical moments on this CD (the lite beer lines and shots at record company moguls), but the music drags them down. I've never heard this group sound so boring. Only &quot;Joe&quot; and the instrumental jam at the end of &quot;Lost Children&quot; did anything for me. It made me wonder what an artist like Iggy Pop would have done with some of these lyrics. A lot more than Tom Petty did, I would think.
This series is an imitation of the Eyewitness format for younger readers. It is most appropriate for ages 2-5.The first two-page spread is promising, full of scientific tipdbits about the anatomy of fish, but already there is an error: "The skeleton of the fish is made of bones." Well, sometimes. Sometimes, it's made of cartilege.Soon, it dissolves into randomness and pointlessness. There's a page showing fish running away from a hungry eel, and they don't even bother to mention that eels are fish, too. Then the next spread is a list of saltwater fish "you might see in the fish market." Though that is probably true in France, where the book was first published, there are few places in the U.S. where you can buy a cat shark or "sting skate"! (I assume they actually mean stingray...) Flounders lie on the ocean floor to "play hide-and-seek"! In addition, something went very wrong with the translation on one page, which shows how to fish for...minnows. Six-inch minnows, I might add.Because of its incoherency and errors, this books is one to skip.
I have been practicing Shotokan karate for 10 years now. Even though I attend regular classes and seminars, as well as working out with very qualified karate-ka, I still find myself coming back to Master Nakayma's work in this very fine series of books. Of all the books on kata I have these books are superior.The instruction is straight forward and to the point. Tips are given to avoid common mistakes. Under the many pictures illustrating the kata is a stance diagram and short concise sentences to describe each move.Extremely well done by one of the finest karate masters.
Attorney Kent &quot;Mac&quot; MacClain is on the brink--nine years earlier, he was at the wheel in a horrible accident that took the lives of his wife and children. Mac is having a spiritual crisis--feeling unable to deal with the deep pain and hurt the accident placed upon his heart and soul and decides the time has come to end his own lfie, when the phone rings in his office. He has been asked to take on the case of Pete Thomason, a man who is accused of killing Angela Hightower, the daughter of a family of high power and prestige in the small town in which Mac lives and works. Against Pete is not only a mountain of compelling evidence but also the fact that he cannot recall any details of the events leading up to the death of Angla.Both men face a spritual crisis. Both men are fighting for thier lives.So begins Robert Whitlow's second novel, &quot;The Trial.&quot; After thoroughly enjoying his work on &quot;Lfie Support&quot; I was eager to find more of Mr. Whitlow's work. I'm happy to say that the great storytelling, character development and page-turning suspense of &quot;Life Support&quot; are also very much at work here in &quot;The Trial.&quot; Whitlow balances a lot of separate story threads--Mac's spiritual crisis, his budding relationship with Anna Wilkes, a pyschologist who evaluates Pete, the story of Pete and what is happening to him in the prison and the pain and suffering of the Hightowers as they try to make sense of what happened on that night to take their daughter. &quot;The Trial&quot; is more than just a legal thriller, it's also a murder mystery that will keep you turning the pages to find out who did it and why.But, as with &quot;Life Support&quot; the greatest parts of &quot;The Trial&quot; are not the moments in which we have the stunning revelations of who commited these acts and why, but insted Whitlow's character creations and the building of his setting for the novels. As with &quot;Life Support&quot; it's the little details that make this books so compelling to read. It's easy to see bits and pieces not only of yourself but people you might know in your daily walk in the characters who inhabit Whitlow's novels. Mac is a man who goes to church on Sunday, but his attendance is dictated on how the Gerogia football team did the following day and he has a Sunday School class full of fellow fans (and despite my beign a die-hard Tennessee fan, I didn't mind this too much...esp. since the Tenenssee-Georga game that Whitlow tells about his book has the Vols winning...but I digress). We see prayer circles that pray for Mac, we see Mac meet Anna and her young son, who awaken some long forgotten feelings deep inside him.. We see Mac serve as a mentor to a new young attorney and we see him fight for the life of his client. All of this while struggling with his own internal demons. Mac is a compellng character, as are all the characters in this novel. &quot;The Trial&quot; resists the urge to give us one-dimensional characters. Instead, each character is uniquely human with his or her own strengths and weaknesses, all of which are on display here in the novel.&quot;The Trial&quot; of the title not only refers to the court case that Mac wants to win but the spiritual war that goes on in both his and Pete's soul. The novel features a lot of twist and turns, but Whitlow always keeps them grounded and feeling authentic, something that can be difficult to do.The other great strength of this novel is that Whitlow superbly uses the elements of a typical Christian thriller and makes them fresh and new. He never strays into the cliches. As the novel progresses and certain events happen, they feel natural, coming out of not only the flow of the narrative but also on what we know about the characters from the previous chapters.All in all, &quot;The Trial&quot; is a compelling and dynamic read. It is a novel that I heartly recommend to anyone looking for a great legal thriller inhabited by compelling and interesting characters. Whitlow has captured the imagination of this reader and I cannot wait to read the next of his novels. If I wasn't a fan before, I most certainly am now...
Should have been the title of Cole's new CD his BEST work to date. I welcome the "smooth" being taken out of current jazz releases and the real SOUL taking its place (check out the new Jeff Lorber and the Richard Elliot releases). The first track sounds a bit like Jeff Kashiwa's-3 Day Weekend which is a great track. Everyday will no doubt be the next single it is the best track on the cd. YES there are some vocals geared toward urban contemporary adult radio. I've read reviews that sound like you just shot your momma for including R/B flava'ed vocals on a jazz cd...Speaking of which, Close Your Eyes, Free Your Mind andthe closing track Keep It Live-Cole exhibits a jam session groove worth the price of admission....
I really like Ambrose Bierce as a writer. His humor and his creepy way of dealing with tragedy makes for a wonderfully sinister reading experience. If you haven't readThe Unabridged Devil's Dictionarythen you haven't read dictionary-related humor. I was actually eager to read this particular collection but instead of a collection of creepy and evil horror stories, I ended up reading one of the lamest "greatest hits" collections sinceEurythmics - Greatest Hitsand unlike that awful thing, this doesn't have the excuse of purposefully being created to prop up a thoroughly mediocre album like Revenge.The only excuse you can make for this collection is the fact that it was collected in 1964 and readers in the early 60s were more optimistic, less eager to question authority, not entirely prone to breaking away from society only to discover that their new friends are full of sociopaths like Charles Manson. Still, I really can't excuse ANY Ambrose Bierce collection that fails to include "An Imperfect Conflagration" or his creepy understated tales of terror in which the protagonists talk about murder, patricide, killing guests, etc. in a matter of fact tone that makes every horrible event seem like an annoying business meeting or crying baby.Instead, this collection is full of boring ghost stories that telegraph the ending to the reader in the first paragraph and "real life" stories that wouldn't past muster at a campfire. If you want to know the ending to most of these stories, just say "And then he realized that he was talking to a dead man" and listen to an organ going crazy in your head. For every classic like "Incident at Owl Creek Bridge" and "The Moonlit Road" there are 5-6 terrible stories that never should have stayed in print and probably went out of print a long time ago.Ambrose Bierce was a great writer - hilarious, morbid and cynical. You wouldn't know it from most of the dreck in this collection.
I watched all the Seasons and all the Original Music Remains and I noticed season fives episode guide there is an error Season 5 Episode 7 Instead of I see Paris I see France I see Maddie's Netherworld It Reads I see Paris I see France I See Maddie's Underpants! The series was great but the last episode looked like it was rushed at least it could of had a happy ending!
This was a welcomed addition to my cassette collection(yes, it was the '80's and cassettes were the thing) back in 1984. A few years later, I pawned off half of my tape collection to a friend but have since been trying to find a copy of this CD. I went through a southern rock phase because of this album and there is some solid songwriting on this! I am jonesing to listen to this CD again!
This DVD (originally issued by Cromwell in 1998) is the last in a series of four covering the Eastern front from June 1941 to May 1945. As with the preceding three, it is valuable for the interview of Professor Erickson, and only for that.It covers almost two years of conflict on the Russian front, from the Kursk battle in July 1943 to the Berlin battle in April 1945, with sidelines to operations in Sicily (July 1943), Italy (September 1943) and Normandy (June 1944). Such an amount of material is difficult to cover properly in a short video:- Those familiar with the subject matter will be disappointed by the lack of details: for example, the battle of Berlin is quickly glanced over and Konev with his 1st Ukrainian Front (the southern pincer to Zhukov's 1st Belorussian Front) is not even mentioned;- Those using this video as an introduction to a summary of the Eastern front will likely be overwhelmed by the numerous details which are not properly coordinated (Kursk, Orel, Belgorod, Kharkov, Smolensk, Dniepr, Leningrad, Warsaw, Finland, Courland, Balkans, Oder, Neisse, etc) because of a lack of maps.The video concludes with interesting statistics about the cost of the war to the Soviets, but does not analyze the cost to the Germans, which I found one-sided. The treks of refugees from East Prussia, Pomerania and Warthegau are not mentioned, nor are the reprisals of the Red Army on the German civil population (see KershawThe End: The Defiance and Destruction of Hitler's Germany, 1944-1945, BeevorThe Fall of Berlin 1945).As with the other DVDs in this series, the interviews with Professor Erickson (author ofThe Road to Stalingrad (Cassell Military Paperbacks)andThe Road to Berlin (Stalin's War with Germany Volume II) (Cassell Military Paperbacks)) are not properly synchronized with the narration of the video: Erickson discusses 1944 when the video narrates 1943.
I was skeptical about this, thinking it was another poorly made sequal or spinoff like so many (See Three's A Crowd, the spinoff of Three's Company). I watched the pilot episode on Youtube in 5 ten minute intervals. I liked the characters of COL Potter and Klinger. This is not M*A*S*H, but I do like the perspective of the VA Hospital. There is the unnecessay conflict of the lady that has to approve the paperwork for Klinger, but it also shows how some veterans survive war and cannot leave the war after returning home. It is also hard to find shows with that early and mid 80's feeling. I greatly enjoyed this show and it is nice to see the familiar characters again.The characters from the original show do not include anyone, but it seems fitting to only have COL Potter, Klinger and Father Mulcahy. Hawkeye does not belong in this show as he was so politically antiwar that he would probably spend many years in a VA Hospital after returning for PTSD. Klinger would obviously have problems since he tried so hard to be evicted from the Army, then conformed and when he had finally had acheived his goal of being able to leave Korea, he chose to stay and brought his wife to Toledo. Not gaining any desirable job skills, he chose to earn a living illegally. A sympathetic judge allows him to start a new life with his old Commander. COL Potter, realizes his war years left him enjoying leadership and responsibility and he finds retirement boring so he chooses to help veterans as a doctor and take care of his old clerk, Klinger. Father Francis Mulcahy returns from war and turns to alcohol when his hadicap won't allow him to hear confessions. A new surgery returns much of his hearing and he chooses to be the spiritual guide for the veterans in the VA Hospital.I greatly enjoyed the pilot episode and will order the whole series. It may be cheesy, but that is how mid 80's shows should be. The familiar characters are a nice welcome and the perspective of a VA Hospital after a war is new and interesting. It may not be great, but it is better than a lot of shows on today.
This is a funny thing about sean connery, back in 1973, the producers of james bond movies offered him loads and loads of money, and really wanted him to continue as bond. he refused, and they hired Roger Moore to continue as bond. (after Connery had alredy turned down the role once before when Lazenby took over) but then about 10 years later, connery is fine by staring in this none-real james bond movie. i'm sorry, i'm a big james bond fan since i was child, but i could never dig this movie nomather how much i wanted.it feels slow, pale and empty. it can't be compared with the regular "real" james bond movies. i want it to be a part of the james bond series, but it just doesnt have it. it doesn't have it. and the fact that it's a remake of "Thunderball" makes it just even more lame. and if they had to make a remake. why not do a remake of a movie that Roger Moore had starred in earlier? that would be so fun to compare. the bond films are based on books, so why not film the "Octopussy" book wich Moore was doing the same time 1983? But to do a remake of a movie that Connery has alredy done Bond in back the 60s.. that's just so lame.this could be wrong, but i think i heard that sean connery doesnt like to talk about james bond in interwievs. isn't james bond what made sean connery? james bond is what sean connery always will be most famour for. what has he done since he quit the role? small movies, unknown movies, trash like "the league", or playing indiana jones dad or something.. he was at his best as james bond, and doesnt seem to appreciate the role as much as Moore and Brosnan has done. they were more like the oposit, they loved playing bond and never wanted to stop it.Connery did this movie the same year as Roger Moore was james bond in a "real" bond flick titled "Octopussy", though "Never say never again" looks more like it was made 20 years earlier.. Connery's bond movies from the 60's looks more up to date than this. alote of people think Connery is too old to play Bond in this movie, don't they know that Connery is younger than Moore? (who kept playing bond for 2 more years). what is it with these people and age? please. besides, bond is best as old. i want bond to be old. okey?. and just the title of this movie.. what a dumb title. there's only one good thing about this weak movie, and thats sean connery back as Bond. just too bad he didnt continue in a "real" bond flick instead of making this jive 15 years later.
I was used to the heavier gauge strap that I use at the studio where I practice. This one tends to bind and cut in a bit and is more difficult to undo.
this is in ym opinion metallicas first and best album i llove the rawness of it the cool sounding bass and the awsome solos especially on four horsemen. this is a great solid album with the kick arse intro hit the lights you should deffinatley buy this album and ofcourse some say its not the best cause the lyrics arent "mature enough" but they arent cheesey and gay like half the bands nowadays lyrics.And for that feyget who said its ovverated you should die you little poser fag this is a great album better than youre little black album you little homo
Basically, I really enjoyed the book. It's a great addition to the series, BUT it did get a little bogged down in places and over-described. I thought it was too long and Ms Auel was just filling in stuff to impress us with her research.It also got a little tiring reading about the Wonder Woman of the Cro-magnon. The reader is made to think that Ayla singlehandedly transformed the evolution of Homo Sapiens. And got to marry Superman too. Wow. Do you think Marvel knows about this?
After the sudden death of her beloved husband, Davinia has no place to go but to her husband's family, to the estate that he had rejected long ago along with many unhappy memories of the past. At first she is welcomed by the family. . . until it is discovered that she is to bear a child, which--if male--will replace her husband's brother as heir of the estate.At that point, Davinia's world becomes a nightmare. Although she is attracted to her husband's younger brother Homer, she suspects that he is courting her only to gain the estate he thought was his before her unexpected pregnancy. Her suspicions are confirmed after someone pushes her down a flight of stairs and causes her to lose her unborn child. When she learns that her husband's death had been caused by poison, she wants nothing more than to get away before Homer discovers that she knows of his treachery and decides that she, too, stands in the way of his inheritance.But the truth is not as clear-cut as Davinia envisions. It turns out that her beloved husband was not who he seemed. And Homer's character just doesn't seem consistent with a ruthless murderer, she thinks, even as she finds herself falling under his spell. Still, who else stood to gain by murdering her husband and child? Davinia knows she must get away from there before it is too late.Although the Gothic/romantic suspense genre is not currently in vogue, I have to say that this is one of the better books I have read recently. I found myself in tears most of the way through it and could not stop reading it until the end. It's such a riveting story that it almost doesn't matter that the author apparently does not realize that in Britain at that time it was illegal for a man to marry his brother's wife (which is, incidentally, the way Henry VIII managed to annul his first marriage to his brother's widow, Catherine of Aragon). Still, Ms. Smith is not the only author to make this mistake, and the rare pleasure I got from reading this book makes me more than willing to forgive her for it.
This album of Buffy Sainte Marie performances which are no longer available have certainly made my heart grow fonder. It is true that she has two very fine compilations but some of the most compelling songs from this album are not on them. The songs "Must I Go Bound", "The Banks Of Red Roses","Piney Wood Hills","Fixin' To Die","Johnny Be Fair","Come All Ye Fair And Tender Ladies" are now extinct. One of the compilations listed as The Best Of Buffy Sainte Marie contains the most dreadful country & western rendition of "Piney Wood Hills" ever, not the sweet and captivating version found here. Hey Vangard, how about a Vangard Visionary version of this album.
Reading this book on my Kindle, I was having trouble pausing and getting on with life.Of the Reacher books I have read so far (1 thru 7), I find this one the best and most addictive. The worst was the previous No. 6 book, and I have posted a separate review of that one. The low rating for that one was possibly due to the fact that it was about politics, and that usually leaves me cold.The book has a well developed suspense and action theme. There are also a few surprises, which is always good.So, 5 out of 5 stars with this one.
This album served as my introduction to the artistry of Anna Moffo. She, like other sopranos who had the "misfortune" of appearing on the opera scene during the supremacy of Joan Sutherland, is often overlooked. Ms. Moffo is sometimes reduced to being little more than a footnote in the catalog of 20th century sopranos and is often referred to as simply being "a good soprano." However, she was more than good, she was one of the greats.Overall, I was pleased with the majority of the selections on the CD. Her interpretation of the Lakme's Bell Song is not the best on record. Indeed, Sutherland's recordings of the aria are technically superior, but Moffo's performance here is not unsatisfactory. Her coloratura technique is passable, but she seems to be in a rush to get the final High E out of the way (so does Maria Callas on the La Divina 3 album).Her "Signore, Ascolta," is breathtaking. She takes on the broken spirit of Liu and delivers an emotionally fluid performance.In similar fashion, she performs the absolute BEST "Tu che di gel sei cinta" I have ever heard. If you buy the CD for no other reason, listen to the way she executes the emotional turmoil of Liu in her singing. Moffo is in total control. For some reason, most sopranos rush through this aria way too quickly, but here, Moffo takes advantage of the beautiful melody/orchestration and offers us a lush, legato performance. She sings in perfect synchronization with the orchestra. It's almost the same effect as if she were accompanying herself on the piano in free meter. I know there are many Maria Callas fans out there (including myself) but not even she can match the emotional depth and sheer vocal coloring that Moffo delivers in this aria.I'm glad that I purchased this album. Anna Moffo is a genuine, undiscovered treasure for any opera enthusiast. Personally, she sounds very similar to Leontyne Price at times (except with more power in the middle and lower ranges and a more pleasant vibrato). I love the deceptive power of her seemingly demure voice. It has that cosmetically superficial beauty that is immediately pleasing, but just beneath the surface there is a notable muscle power to firmly support the complete vocal package (I love it!) The audio is superb and gives the impression of a grand opera hall. There's much to love about this CD. Don't miss out.
This movie is NOT a Family friendly movie. There is cursing and nudity. After about fifteen minutes we took the DVD out, cut it up and threw it out!
THIS MOVIE IS A MUST SEE. IT WAS TOO FUNNY. THE WOMEN WERE CRAZY WHICH MAKE THE MOVIE EVEN FUNNIER. PLEASE BUY THIS MOVIE AND SHARE WITH FRIENDS LIKE I DID!
We got the EuroBath when our daughter was six months old, and we love it! It's true that you have your hands free for bathing, because the tub fully supports even the wiggliest baby. Our daughter was able to spread out her legs and splash around, and she still loves it now that she's a toddler. Although the tub is big, it's definitely worth a little hassle, because it makes bathtime fun for everyone.
This book is mainly about the giant sable. But even more interesting are the descriptions of Angola, the history of the country during Portugese rule and the descent into civil war. I love it.
This combines the last two of the major label releases by Arlo Guthrie. I have to echo the other reviewer--Outlasting the Blues is Arlo's best album. Great singing, tight playing and some of his best songwriting, together with well chosen cover tunes. Koch did a great job squeezing two LPs onto one CD. Rickie Lee Jones duets on one song on Power of Love. Call it folk-rock or singer songwriter, but either way it doesn't get better than this two-fer. This went out of print way too quickly.
I've always liked Gahan Wilson's cartoon collections... They're easily on par with those of the late Charles Adams. This collection of short stories is right on the mark. Sometimes jarring, sometimes thought-provoking, always entertaining. I strongly recommend &quot;The Cleft and Other Odd Tales.&quot;
.This book is set just 54 years before CNN redefined the role of war correspondents during the Gulf War of 1990.Back in the late 1930s just before WW2, the global powers were having a trial run ahead of the Big One. In those days, it was the newspapers (and not the TV networks) who called the shots.Evelyn Waugh in his inimitable, over-the-top style goes right to the heart of the media business. It's not about delivering news; it's pure power politics. The egos of the media owner are the prime drivers of the machinations of this industry. Their bungling underlings are constantly in damage control and covering up their incompetencies.Only Waugh could get away with these observations on indigenous Africa. His descriptions of the supposedly fictitious Democratic Republic in Africa (20 years before most of the continent went independent of their colonial masters) is pure clairvoyance.Most of Africa today is just like his Ishmaelia. So-called democracies run by autocratic Presidents-for-Life.This book as well as being a primer for foreign correspondents, is an excellent manual for students of African politics.Unfortunately, for many readers on the West Side of the Atlantic, Waugh's subtle ironic style might be at times impenetrable. Rule one with Waugh is never to take things at face value. He was a brave and clever man to get away with the demolition jobs he does on his own class ridden British society.Once you twig to his wit, his writing becomes a pure pleasure. There is never a dull moment. His observations on society, politics, business and the human condition are timeless.Waugh is the master of 20th century satirical literary humour. Scoop is one of his best.
You cant expect much in terms of lyrics from Mike Jones. What actually got me to buy his album, "Who is Mike Jones" was the fact that his telephone number was on the front of his album plus a way to text message him. By god man, why not just give out your whole personal information? Anyway, on to the music.Basically, Mike Jone's music revolves around great beats, but repetitive lyrics. For example, in EVERY SINGLE one of his songs, he mentions his phone number in a line. Also, he tends to repeat every line twice in a row. Ok, we heard you the first time mike...However the beats are awesome as shown in "Back then" and other songs like "Still Tippin, Got it Sewed up" and of course "Turning Lane.""Turning Lane" is where the real repetitiveness strikes. After the majority of his lines he repeats "in the turning lane." I know thats the title of the song, but it does get extremely repetitive Mike.In terms of guest rappers, there isn't anyone special except for maybe "Paul Wall" but no one has really heard of him except for real hip hop fans such as myself.As a wrap, if you don't care about the lyrics, and just focus on the beat and how it sounds, this is definetely worth picking up, if you just care about the lyrics, then theres really no point. Mike Jones definetely has the potential, but what i think he needs to do is just focus more and take more time making his songs for this album to be a perfect 5/5.
I am a musician and find many of the typical kiddie CDs almost intolerable due to the lack of talent of the singers. This one is suprisingly good. The Barney actor and children from the cast sing the songs. The children are quite talented, making it easy for adults to listen to. Kids love the songs. It features a good assortment of familiar songs from the TV show and classic children's songs. My 2-year old loves it and requests this CD daily. I am able to stand listening to this CD over and over much easilly than his other favorites. The &quot;clean-up&quot; song is also usefull during clean-up time in our house.
This book is a good, basic reference edition for pastors, missionaries, and world Christians. It gives the reader a good understanding of what many of the world's major religions believe, and how evangelical Christians can view them. Every church library needs a copy of this book. The one downside is that it only covers the major religious groupings. If you are looking for information on a more abscure group, you probably won't find it here.
...while he was making Power of the Dragonflame for Rhapsody. Power is great but not nearly as diverse and fantastic as this. The harpsichord on track 3 is just awesome.Flawless neoclassical, epic power metal. The best there is!
The guys are beefy and hot - no college students! so, it`s for me inscrutable why they call this movie "Spring Break Fantasy"?!?!?! But that `s not the point.This movie is a cut version of a porn movie. You really won`t see anything interessting... they cut it out. Even the screen ist sometimes fuzzy. Bad quality!So, don`t buy it, it`s not worth to spend money on this dvd!You will be gutted, if you expect any hot action!The two stars are for the hot guys! ;o)
this movie is probably one of my favorites. Screenwriter Stephen Phillips (albert brooks) falls out of favor in the production studio. He hits a wall in his career. His friend (jeff bridges) refers him to the muse (sharon stone) who will inspire him to write the best script he ever wrote. Sarah, the muse, demands many things from Stephen and she is very picky and irritating. His wife Laura(Andie macdowell) becomes very suspicious but then also becomes inspired by the muse. there is also a twist at the end that will make you think! this movie is very smart and very funny. The picture of the DVD isnt as clear as you would expect but it is only a minor flaw. I recommend this movie to anyone who likes good comedy. two thumbs up!!!
I loved this movie! Ryan Gosling can make any movie good! But I also really enjoyed Steve Carell. Very cute movie!
Would you believe this no-frills DVD carries a $19.98 list price? Would you believe you can get a collection of 8 much-funnier Abbott & Costello features for less? Would you believe I would have given this DVD a three-star rating if only it were less than ten bucks?I first saw THE NUDE BOMB on its initial theatrical release in 1980, in a crowded theater. While the audience guffawed appreciatively all the way through the picture, I only found myself chuckling and laughing intermittently. Maybe this audience wasn't as familiar with the TV series as I was, because I came away thinking this was a misfire. Don Adams was a gifted comedic actor and a pitch-perfect Maxwell Smart, but without crucial characters such as Agent 99 (Barbara Feldon), The Chief (Edward Platt, who died in 1974), and Siegfried (Bernie Kopell) for Adams to play off of, THE NUDE BOMB couldn't possibly achieve the TV series' level of comic brilliance.As Don Adams lamented in later interviews, THE NUDE BOMB was made by a studio that didn't comprehend the appeal or intent of the original series -- and it shows. Even the title reveals this lack of understanding. In Europe the film was released as THE RETURN OF MAXWELL SMART -- a much better title, in my opinion -- yet in the U.S. it was distributed as THE NUDE BOMB, which makes it sound like a cheap softcore grindhouse flick.Nevertheless, I don't believe THE NUDE BOMB is a terrible film. Don Adams tries hard to make the best of a less-than-ideal situation, and he manages to inject some laughs into this diluted affair. There are some clever and amusing moments, and a casual viewer may find it an agreeable spy-movie satire. But for those of us who love the original series, this is an awfully disappointing venture...and, ultimately, a pointless one.
This is really a shockingly poorly written book. There are grammar errors throughout, and it is stylistically uneven. The writer will randomly jump time perspectives (mentioning where one person is today, but not another). It's a fascinating story, but the writer was not up to the task.
I can't in all honesty recommend this movie except for those us who are die-hard Bigfoot fans that cannot get enough of the stuff. It looks and feels like a college art project or a home video put together about some friends who got together after watching a few Bigfoot documentaries and decided to make their own. There is nothing new; no new footage, still images, tracks, casts, etc. - but the production techniques were pretty good. Have to give all the crew an A for effort.
How I Made $2,000,000 In The Stock Market is one of those titles that comes up quite often in discussions of what books traders should read. Given how long its been in print, that probably should come as no surprise. While I won't personally go so far as to call it a must read, I definitely found it worthwhile.First, be aware that this book - at least this particular edition - is quite short. It's only a bit over 100 pages, and a healthy portion of that is editorial addition tagged on to help further explain the author's story, along with some Q&A; with Darvas tossed in. You should easily be able to get through it in one sitting.Second, this book - again, at least this edition - was very poorly copyedited. There are formatting issues all over the place. It's not necessarily the easiest book in the world to read to start with, as the author's narrative leaves something to be desired. The formatting issues, don't help make for a particularly enjoyable reading experience.Thirdly, you will note that I have used "story" and "narrative" in describing the text. That's exactly what it is. Nicolas Darvas was a professional dancer who performed all around the world. The book describes how he somewhat randomly got into the stock market, and then the progression he made to building a $2 million portfolio for himself. All of it takes place during the 1950s, so be prepared for the author to talk about cables and things that modern readers will have little to no point of reference on.At it's core, How I Made $2,000,000 In The Stock Market is a trading diary. The bulk of the book is a discussion of the various trades the author made over about a 6 year timeframe. Some readers will find that interesting, others will yawn. But that's not what you read this book for, fortunately.It is the developmental path Darvas takes from newbie to multi-million dollar trader - which the author interweaves with the discussion of his trades - that is the read value to be had from How I Made $2,000,000 In The Stock Market. Anyone who has gone through that developmental process as a market participant will immediately be able to relate, and those who haven't yet (or are just starting to do so) will see that even wildly successful traders went through their struggles.In parallel with the author's discussion of his personal trading development is also the construction and refinement of his trading strategy. As is the case with most traders, he started on one path, but shifted course several times until he finally found the methodology which suited him best.Darvas employed a combined fundamental and technical approach which is the core of the popular CANSLIM methodology outlined in How to Make Money in Stocks. It's not an exact thing in terms of application, as Darvas developed an entry/exit strategy based on what he called boxes, but a great deal of the preliminary set-up elements are very, very close. That philosophy is definitely something that works. I can personally attest to it myself, though I have never employed Darvas Boxes or anything like that.The issue a reader might have, though, is that the outlining of this methodology isn't concisely presented. Rather, it's spread out over the course of the narrative, presented in bits and pieces over the timeline as Darvas refined his approach to trading. It would probably take a couple of readings to really get a handle on things.Overall, I definitely think there's value to be had in How I Made $2,000,000 In The Stock Market. If nothing else, it proves that part-time trading can be extremely rewarding. As I commented above, it's not a great read as books go, but there are quite a few good nuggets in the text if you can fight through.
Patti LaBelle is super good, but i think this was her first video, and she made a horrible show. She never takes u into a song, and plays all the way thru, and finishes good. It's spotty, she has mostly dud times in the video/ but she'll tell u herself/ she sure does like that this is 'make a video.' I did not like it/ i dumped it. Patti LaBelle should be known as a super great singer.
Imagine an incredible violinist who can play the Sibelius without inflicting the piece any sweaty gipsy accents, give a noble account, imbued into the northern lights of Scandinavia...Now pair this miracle musician with an uninspired, heavyhanded conductor -who seems to be the punition for any Reine Elisabeth winner recording Sibelius cf. Sergei Kachatryan naive recording of the piece- and make sure the recording engineer is asleep at the wheel: that's what this recording offers.The Tchaikovsky is inspired and offers the reading of a idealistic young officer coming right out of a Tolstoi epic story. It is convincing, luminous and the finale is breathtaking. This is the polar opposite of the also convincing live Mutter performance which captured and infused a complex woman's character in a towering, unique, sublime performance.In summary, just imagine what Repin and Nagano conducting the Halle orchestra recorded by Chatauret could have done with these concerti...The cd despite Krivine and the poor recording is a must have for the Sibelius by Repin. A heartbreaker otherwise...
I decided to try this book based upon other's reviews and that I also enjoy wine so I thought, "what a lovely pairing for an enjoyable mystery read." Unfortunately it did not work out as well as I had hoped, the book left me disappointed.The story was unbelievable from the beginning. I understand that sometimes one has to take a leap of faith to help in the furtherance of a story but the author took to many liberties which I felt was insulting to any mystery reader.It begins where we are introduced to our heroine Nikki Sands as a waitress at a restaurant. She serves the handsome Derek Malveaux who is knowledgable about wines as he is the owner of Malveaux Estates. Nikki is treated badly by his date but Derek is impressed by her wine knowledge, tracks her down after she is fired by Derek's dates complaints and offers her a job after giving her a cursory test of her wine knowledge. This is within the first few pages. To say that this is a startling turn of events is an understatement. Since I never bought into this flimsy premise the story never quite resonated with me.I didn't believe that the characters were well drawn and that the writing was adequate but not moving. I would not recommend this to anyone and have no interest in reading any future books by this writer.
This is THE Russian epic. It rates right up there with Beowolf and Gilgamesh. The translation by Howes is good and the book gives you as much critical analysis as it does poem, which is nice.If you are interested in exploring the genre outside of the traditionally taught mega epics of Homer this is a great place to start, or try the Finnish epic The Kalevala.
I have just finished reading Kite Runner. Overall, I have to say this was a very good book and I enjoyed it. The story is quite compelling, and adds a depth and contour to my understanding of Afghanistan and Pakistan that I did not previously have. Also for the Muslim faith. My views of both are now much more 3-D than before, and I have a much better understanding of some of the dynamics involved.But the story seems to have been crafted too much - like a forensic artist applying clay to a wire frame to reveal a completed face. Kite Runner seems likewise to have been a frame around which words were molded to make a tightly-preconceived completed story. It seems very contrived in a number of places, with too many convenient coincidences to 'keep it real'.I also believe that some folks just can't find redemption, and Amir is one of them. The things he did early in the story, to me, are not so easily redeemed. The change in his personality and his motivations seem to me contrived by the end of the story. Redemption is one thing, but Amir does a complete personality makeover that just doesn't ring true to me.But in the end, the story does work and is well worth the read. The writing style is good, I thought, and kept me quite engaged as long as I put my opinions on the direction of the story in check. I would recommend Kite Runner in that light, and gave it 4 of 5 stars.
There is no other book that is so informative for the artist in the nuts and bolts of materials and techniques. I treasure this volume. When I need to know which black is light fast, quick drying I reach for this book.
I used this item to connect PS3 on my new hdtv. I would say it's great price for great product.
Craig Wilder, a former attorney, is unjustly accused of jury tampering and sent to prison for six years. He's let his hair grow long, now wears an earring and working out in the prison gym has sculpted his body. Chelsea Lockridge, his ex-wife, whom he divorced from prison because he felt she deserted him at the end, has discovered her father's journal, which exonerates Craig and she delivers it to Craig at his isolated cabin where he has retreated after being released from prison. A storm delays her departure for several days and they discover they still are attracted to each other. Craig claims he only wants sex after being without for so long, but Chelsea wants his love again. The sexual fireworks are like the 4th of July. They are explosive rockets of desire which practically burn the pages. Chelsea returns to her home, unknowingly pregnant, after the storm and Craig finally breaks down and reads the journal. He lets go of his past hatred and decides to fight to overturn his conviction and win Chelsea back...
So why buy a box of 60 pens, when it takes forever just to use up a single pen?There are lots of reasons, the biggest being the well known fact that once you set a pen down and look away they grow legs and walk off. It's true! What else could cause them to disappear? I think they're forming a colony somewhere in the house, I just hope they don't make a move to take over.Okay lets be serious now. At the time of this review this box of 60 pens is only 54 cents higher in cost than buying a 10 pack on Amazon. So for 54 cents you get 50 more pens, that's an obviously fantastic deal.These are your basic every day pens that are so darn cheap you don't much care when they grow their legs and disappear on you. Everyone has heard of the "You get what you pay for" saying before. Well, while these pens are very inexpensive they truly do work really well. I obviously have not tested all 60 of them, but all the ones I have used so far have made nice, smooth, even lines. The caps go on and off easily with minimal force. For you pen chewers out there you can chew away, and always have another in the box you can lend out without getting those looks (you know what I'm talking about).Are there better pens out there? Of course, but they cost a heck of a lot more. These pens will serve your check book well (does anyone still use those things? I do, but I'm old school like that), take great notes in school, and scribble a quick note at your desk without fuss. Everyday pens for everyday people.
A must for anyone who considers him/herself a chef, or even just a "cook." The recipes are excellent and the entries are thorough. Since no one book can cover all possible dishes that exist, there are obvious lacunae, especially when it comes to certain ethnic cuisines. Overall, ethnic dishes that are well-known in France are certainly listed, which do not always match the ethnic dishes that are popular in America. But as far as the basics go--the characteristics of basuic ingredients, and essential techniques--it's a great book. Much better than the Penguin (aka Oxford) Companion to Food.
This is a lovely collection of harping and singing. The fact that is almost all lullabies is neither here not there. Buy it for its musical value, lullabies or not.Emily Mitchell rivals Mary O'Hara in harping and harping. The addition of a few cuts by James Galway further sweetens the pot.As a side note, this album wins the prize for the best record with the poorest cover art. Lame.
for everyone who thinks this is a place to complain about amazon prime--suck it.for anyone who actually loves this series, this is a truly cool story; i don't want to SPOIL anything, but it is not often that anyone gets one over on the doctor.
Our 15-month-old son is fascinated by other Baby Einstein DVD's (particularly Baby Van Gogh and Baby Shakespeare), but this just doesn't hold his attention.It's clear that different hands are at work on this title -- which followed the sale of the Baby Einstein company to Disney -- and that they don't necessarily understand how BE works. The music is as good as ever (thanks to the long-time personnel in the "Baby Einstein Orchestra"), but the visuals are a mess. Earlier titles would show a scene and stick with it for a while, and transition between similar scenes, for example, from one toy to another, or between different views of the same toy. This video madly intercuts between toys, nature footage, and pictures of children... completely missing the simpler approach of earlier titles. The puppet shows are more elaborate, but are they any more charming? No.To its credit, it's not larded down with obnoxious and intrusive advertising like other Disney titles, but overall you'd still be better with the earlier titles that Julie Aigner-Clark and her people were directly involved in.
Pootie tang has got to be one of THE BEST comedies I have ever seen in my life! It contains a kind of humour that most people find hilarious, while others just don't understand. From parts about Daddy Tang being fatally wounded at work (&quot;and only their third gorilla related fatallity&quot;) to the #1 hit entitled ____ (&quot;turn that noise down&quot;) to feeding a crazed fan milk out of a bowl (believe me, you just gotta see it to get it!). Definetely the &quot;longest movies clip I've ever seen,&quot; but also probably one of the shortes &quot;full length feature film(s)&quot; I've ever seen, just over 75 minutes long. But hey, that just means you can watch more times! Sa-Da-Tay!
I purchased this film because of the reviews I'd read, along with the fact that I have an interest in war films of that era that are Holocaust centered. Shindler's List and The Hiding Place are personal favorites.It took me two evenings to view the the first 1/2 or so of Anne Frank because it seemed to move ever so slowly. What I didn't realize at the time was that the film producers were apparently making sure that the characters were solidly etched in my mind because their later interactions would be critical to fully understanding and appreciating this film.From the time Anne and her family were finally discovered in their hide-out by the Nazis, the movie was not to be left unfinished again! This later part of the film, which I would estimate at 90-minutes, was probably the best 90-minutes of film I'd ever seen. Hannah Taylor Gordon's (Anne) and Ben Kingsley's (Anne's father, Otto) acting abilities, along with the great movie sets, make this film so realistic, gut-wrenching, and believable.Bottom line, one of the best films on the Holocaust you'll ever see. Easily stacks-up to Shindler's List. Also, for a simulation of life at a Nazi concentration camp, the Anne Frank film is #1.
I gave the book two stars because I did actually finish the book but that says more about my desperation for something to read than the "interest holding power" of this Nora "Light" book. Definitely an early work, it is the first time I found absolutely nothing to like about her hero. And how can you like a heroine who would fall in love with someone who does nothing but snap, snarl, and bite at her?
Une chanteuse exquise pour un r&eacute;cital choisi- Un disque que l'on n'ira pas me voler de sitot 20/20 Christian (Frane)
Forget about the video functionality. It crashes often, and even when it works it's so small as to be pointless. But the sound is fantastic. Sound quality is a variable that's often forgotten when shopping for MP3 players, but quite a variable it is from experience. This player has better sound than my ipod, and much better sound than my Insignia player. Just because it's digital doesn't mean the quality can't vary. Clearly they used good components in these, and the sound is crisp and without distortion. (I'm listening on a pair of high end in-ear phones.)
... with Kim Deal on drums. "Dead Leaves and the Dirty Ground" is the best song that the Pixies never recorded. Jack White one-ups Black Francis, in that he can sing in similarly affected style without seeming insincere. The lyrics range from playful to romantic to ominous, sometimes in the same song. The music is as stripped down as one would expect from a two-piece unit, but the Whites shake things up enough to sustain interest.Not a great album, as others have said, but definitely necessary in these overproduced and image-conscious times. A downright must-have if "Monkey Gone to Heaven" and "Number 13 Baby" are still in heavy rotation on your jukebox.
A couple of notes while reading the other reviews. Capitol is merely the vessel-this collection comes via the Sinatra family vault(Nancy,Frank Jr.&amp;Tina's holdings)and is pre-Reprise(Bristol)material,hence,no Jobim,which occured in the '60s. The liner notes are filled with recollections by the kids-OK,I guess,but I miss the sure and steady hand of Will Friedwald,a fan and critic, taking us through this material. Having said this,I suspect the &quot;Duets&quot; concept was used as a brand and adds another release of family material(often bootlegged) being made available through legitimate means,after the debacle of the Artanis gold recordings of a few years ago. The '90s &quot;Duets&quot;I&amp;II were purchased by well-meaing gift givers and,sadly,served as an intro to Frank for many new ears but proved to be a very successful brand,hence the marketing people dusting it off again. As for the material in this collection-this will stand along my copies of the other Duets but will actually be played rather than gathering dust. Along with the many raves from others here(the words about Frank &amp; Peggy Lee are quite insightful)may I cast a vote for the medley with Dinah Shore. Frank &amp; Dinah allude to performing this same group of songs before,(probably on one of Dinah's shows)but,rather than sounding tired,they just seem to love this material and Dinah's voice is a fine foil to Frank's(IMHO-Keely Smith was the perfect duet partner for Frank). A pleasant addition to the collection,not a moment to feel ashamed by Frank or any of his partners. I'm ready for the next one,please.
Buy the DVD if you havent and watch it 87 times. The things you own end up owning you.
One word. THE BEST! Ok, that was 2 words but you catch my drift!
Excelente compilaci&oacute;n de gran parte del material de Emmet Fox sobre el Nuevo Testamento, que estaba disperso en distintas publicaciones. Y ahora compiado y traducido al castellano para beneficio de los que este idioma hablan.
I'm so glad that Mary J. Blige re-released No More Drama and included some new tracks including: He Think I Don't Know, Rainy Dayz (featuring Ja Rule), Dance For Me (featuring Common), and the No More Drama Remix (featuring P. Diddy and Mario Winans). These tracks for the most part replaced the somewhat lame tracks from the original "No More Drama" released in 2001. I actually have both copies, so therefore I feel my criticisms are indeed valid. For your consideration, I have enclosed a detailed review for all the tracks on this album. Great comeback Mary!!! I hope to see future albums similair (and even better) than this one.CRITICISM OF ALBUM TRACKS'1. Love - *CATCHY SONG* MJB raps on this one too!2. Family Affair - *WORLD FAMOUS SINGLE* Everyone knows this song, its an awesome dance song. This song sparked my attention to Mary J. Blige after being disappointed with her previous album "Mary." This song has become synonomous with MJB.3. Steal Away - *I LOVE THIS SONG* Chorus's lyrics are a bit weird and stupid, but excellent tune and beat. One of my favorites despite the chorus's flaws. This song was produced by the Neptunes.4. He Think I Don't Know - *GOOD SONG* Its one of those songs that take a while to really get into and feel. It starts out slow, but in the end its an extremely powerful song. MJB's vocals are at their best here.5. PMS - *OKAY SONG* I can't relate to this song at all because I'm a guy. Its kind of boring to be honest, even though the guitar solo in it is done by Lenny Kravitz.6. No More Drama - *GOOD SINGLE OFF THE ALBUM* I like this song, the background music is taken from the soap-opera "Young and the Restless." This song doesn't appeal to me as much as "Family Affair" did. However, I like the subject matter of the song, and she sings well in it.7. Rainy Dayz (featuring Ja Rule) - *MY FAVORITE SONG AND SINGLE OFF THE ALBUM* I love this song so much. The vocals by MJB and surprisingly Ja Rule compliment each other so well. The song's tune and lyrics are so catchy that it makes you wanna sing it all day long.8. Where I've Been (featuring Eve) - *GOOD SONG* I love the subject matter of this song, and Eve's rap. It seems to drag a little, and the background music is kinda weird.9. Beautiful Day - *OKAY SONG* It just doesn't catch on to me. Its just a filler song in my opinion.10. Dance For Me (featuring Common) - *GREAT SONG* This song on the original No More Drama did not have Common on it. With Common's presence in the song, "Dance For Me" really has the potential to become a hit if released.11. No More Drama Remix (featuring P. Diddy and Mario Winans) - *GREAT REMIX* Its completely different from the original version. Its much more catchier, and in fact happier. The tune of the song is good also.12. Flying Away - *OKAY SONG* Another filler song.13. Never Been - *GREAT SONG* I love the background music, its so peaceful and pretty. Missy Elliott wrote and produced this track, and a bit of her flare shows up in this song.14. 2 U - *GOOD SONG* I also like this song because its nice and peaceful.15. In The Meantime - *OKAY SONG* Its just another filler.16. Forever No More (Poem) - Her poetry is nice, a little raw, but nonetheless straight from the heart.17. Testimony - *PRETTY GOOD SONG* Its also kinda catchy too, but takes a while to really get drawn to it.
Had another version of the Honeywell QuickSteam and loved it. Other version had little pads that collected the mineral deposits, really extending the time between needing to shut the unit down to soak in vinegar for cleaning. This version doesn't have the pads and is much the worse for it.
VThe main actor in this movie is Djimon Hounsou, not Kevin Bacon. Djimon Hounsou isn't the most versatile actor, and the producers probably failed to notice that. Kevin Bacon's accent seems like a joke in this movie.Djimon's character is always out trying to get new guns, and threatens to shoot if he doesn't get his guns and does it in a very unconvincing way everytime. The fighting/shooting choreography was horrible, so even if you're looking for an action movie and don't care about the storyline this would still be disappointing.
Just got this a few days ago. So far so good. Easy to see at a glance which mode the unit is in. The quick connect plug is easy to plug in and unplug compared to my Schumacher XM1-5. The Schumacher XM1-5 switches between 6 volt and 12 volt and has twice the charge amperage but is also about 3 times the size of the BT Junior.
Don't be fooled -- Amazon lists three tracks, but the disc has only two. They promptly sent me a replacement when I complained, and it was the exact same two-track CD. But for anyone who doesn't want to fork over the $10 or so to buy the U218 (full of songs any die-hard fan already has), this is a great way to get the soaring, chiming "Window in the Skies." The second track, "Tower of Song" grew on me, but I wouldn't have bought it for itself.
Animals is one of the most underrated albums in history.I cant stop stressing about the greatness of this cd which i rate after the wall,the dark side of the moon and wish you were here.YOU GOT TO HAVE THIS.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
In a time when the average horror movie is a bad remake of a classic, based on a video game or just a pathetic excuse to indulge in special effects, films like "Black Christmas" makes one realize that horror doesn't mean graphic, too clever for words or necessarily outlandish tactics. Films such as this one, "Halloween" and countless other great horror flicks are effective primarily because they take the every day and fill it with an unnerving sense of terror and vulnerability. I saw this baby back in when it was first released and it scared me as much today as it did back in `74. The killer inside the house premise that was explored with equal success in the fantastic "When a Stranger Calls" (the original) is so terrifying because unlike "When a Stranger..." in the end, he is never caught but rather is still lurking somewhere inside the house, waiting. Most people consider their homes a sanctuary and what is more unsettling than knowing that it no longer is, that unbeknownst to you it has, in fact, become a death trap and that with every passing minute peril inches closer? This fantastic example of modern horror relies, like most of the fine films that emerged during the horror heydays of the 70's and early 80's, on tension, atmosphere, ingenious use of sound and silence, light and shadow. I don't scare easily and having seen all of the "great" horror movies, I still count this one among the creepiest and unsettling. BTW - everyone was great with Margot Kidder having a seemingly great time as the foul-mouthed, tough talking, hard driking sorority girl. Olivia Hussey in the more demure and complex role was equally good. It's a very well made little gem and it shouldn't be overlooked if you love horror. Don't pay too much notice to those nay sayers below, because "Black Christmas" is true horror and not that visual and sonic schlock that tries to pass for it nowadays. If you were born in the age of excess (post-1975), chances are that you wouldn't know good horror if it bit you on the rump.
I bought this book for a class and thought it would be one that would be relevant to my work with parents. There is only so much that can be said and then there is repetition or information that is far from necessary. I was assigned chapter 10, "working with parents of children with disabilities". Of the 42 pages 26 talked about the history and laws of special education. There was not really anything useful in the chapter that gave specific advise on working with parents. Some of the other chapters were child abuse and home schooling. Not at all what I expected.
...well it happened in the end didn't it? Radiohead wanted to change their sound and I really don't blame them...they are a really talented bunch of musicians (yes not just Greenwood and Yorke) and I find this change in direction very refreshing...although there are some issues I have with the complainers of this album......"Ooh it's just electronic and static noise...how does anyone listen to this?" You really need to listen to some real static noise then...bands like Wolf Eyes and Merzbow make their living out of this kind of noise...now spot the diference...what is it? Yes this is melodic and listenable...so please stop complaining......the plus sides of this album I'd have to say is the new use of synths and new instruments...for the most part the electric guitar is left in the cupboard to gather dust as they try synthed voices in the song "Kid A" mixed with the Xylophone on the keyboard...combining a hypnotic bassline with a brass ensemble in "National Anthem"...and electronic drums with a synth in the (in)famous "Idioteque"...these ideas prosper within the album as long as you have an open mind (within reason)......and the downside...well...the problem is it's completely overshadowed...if they started with this as their debut instead of "Pablo Honey" they probably would have had more prestige success instead of being known as the band that played "Creep" and annoyed half of the population...but because "OK Computer" came first the die hard fans will always say it's not good enough and push it aside......my advice? Give this album a chance...it's not as abstract as everyone says it is...merely in contrast to their other albums...and if you don't enjoy it...fine...just don't call it abstract...because it isn't...oh yeah and the rumour that the whole record company lost their christmas bonus after the manager heard this...not true...
Movie rental time expired before I could watch movie. I must not have been keeping good track of time or it expired in error.
There are many travel guides which will tell you where to eat, where to stay, and how much you can expect to spend. Some contain maps, important phone numbers, and local attractions. This book goes well beyond that. You will come away with a deep appreciation of the area and a better understanding of the wildlife. You will come to understand the differences between a black, brown, and grizzly bear and how to peacefully coexist with them in the park. You will learn how geysers work, what dangers exist, and how to help preserve the park for future generations.
These are the most bizarre coffee mugs I've ever owned. Yeah, they look really neat, but the &quot;handle&quot; is just a little circle that's hard to grip.If you like holding your coffee mug with just your index finger and spilling the contents all over the place, this is the mug for YOU!The capacity is very small, too. All of my other mugs hold a good deal more than these.I wouldn't buy these particular mugs now that I've had them (they were a gift!) nor would I give them as a gift to anyone else. Does Fiestaware make another kind of mug? Maybe they're better-designed than these ones.
To me the book is a clear 4.5 star book, so I had a hard time in deciding 4 or 5 stars. Read the other review of this book, as he does a nice job in explaining the good and bad of the book. Things I liked about this book..... It brings up ideas, and mentions facts that have been left out of many Borden books. Radin knew how to write a good book. This wasn't the first book I've read on Lizzie Borden, but it is one of the best I have read. The first Lizzie Borden book I read was - LB by Arnold Brown. I would say Brown's book, or Radin's would be the best to start off with. True Brown say's that Lizzie didn't do it, and Radin points the finger at "Maggie" - However, both of these book are very entertaining and even if you do not believe the conclusion of who they pick as the killer, they do not taint the whole book with a bunch of BS. They do a really good balanced job in telling the Borden tale. Both books are great starting points. To be honest, Radin's conclusion of blaming Bridget isn't so wild of an idea. He doesn't force it down your throat either. The only thing I really didn't like, was his bashing of other books on Lizzie. Bashing almost to the point of - My book is best because the other books state this, that, and so on. He should have just explained his book, and let others decide on the other books out there...... By the way, most of his statements about the other books are true. However, Pearson's Trial of Lizzie Borden doesn't deserve the page after page of bashing Radin gives it. I have read the original Trial Transcript (not in whole) and Pearsons book. True Pearson is one sided, but his book also has some interesting thoughts and information you can't find in other books. I'd start with Radin's book, and then read 40 whacks, and in my opinion the best balanced book (despite the title) - Lizzie Didn't Do It! by William Masterton. However, if your new to the Borden murders, I wouldn't start with Masterton's book. I'd read this one or Brown's first.
The second half of this book is better than the first half; it was a very dry start with little action and overly lengthy descriptions of the author walking around the walls of the city of Montalcino. However, once she gets the tedious descriptions behind her (she uses 50 words where 10 would do), the color and personality of the Tuscan people begin to come to light. My only other complaint is the slightly superior attitude she seems to take toward tourists, considering she had to have been one at some point...she is not Italian, but rather an Australian married to a husband of Italian descent. Both moved to Italy as adults and stranieri (strangers/foreigners).Worth the read, but I have no plans to read her second book any time soon.
I don't get why this was supposedly such a fine work of literature. I don't get the sophomoric Jane Austen discussions, I don't get a handle on the characters, I don't get the "book club discussion questions" at the end. I didn't find the "subversive wit and a wise observer of human interaction" of the author, and the "the heady literary chat" was probably way above my own head. I never knew there was such a thing called "Janeites"-- so maybe this would appeal to people who are obsessed with Austen. I've never been a huge fan.As for the The Washington Post's Book World review, "It's just as hard to explain quite why The Jane Austen Book Club is so wonderful." - True. I agree with that! "But that it is wonderful will soon be widely recognized, indeed, a truth universally acknowledged." Wow- isn't that some neat prophesying!
Just like buying the X-Files compilation DVD prior to the new movie coming out included a free ticket to the movie, this DVD of the movie itself also includes a bonus. There is a "digital copy" of the movie included, that allows you to directly download to your computer and/or your iPod. Also, extra footage, and, of course, the movie itself which was highly appreciated by fans wanting more of Scully and Mulder.
This classic folk album was released in 1969 . and not as the previous reviewer stated , the mid 1970's .
This book is spectacular. Not everything in it applies to all combat veterans, of course. But it can be a lifesaver if you can get your loved one who has been through combat to read it. It saved the mental health and the marriage of a couple of friends of mine, and I'm grateful. I've ended up buying 6 copies because I keep finding people to give them away to.It combines the 'I've been there too' perspective of a Vietnam veteran with the knowledge of a Ph.D, and it can be invaluable in helping veterans seeing that they are not alone, that they are not 'broken', and that help is available. It can help their loved ones to understand what the veteran is going through, realize that what seem to be insurmountable problems in their relationships may just be the veteran struggling to deal with his wounds any way he can.Soldiers and families of soldiers: buy it and read it even if you don't think you'll need it. Read it so you have the wherewithal to help a friend in need, if nothing else.And to combat veterans of OIF/OEF: if you get out of the service, immediately register at the VA. If you don't register w/in two years of discharge, your eligibility for health care, even for combat-related conditions, is severely limited. Register upon discharge even if you don't think you'll need the help... because you'd rather have the option and not need the help, than need it and be ineligible.
I've had this unit for abour 6 months now and am not particularly happy with it. When it works it's ok, but in the short time I've had it the bracket that holds the dust bag up had broke, and after getting a replacement on ($15) appears to on the verge of breaking again. Also, the dust bag does not seat well in the opening and leaks fine particles of sawdust. Most recently, the motor stalls when I attempt to power it up and it appears the starter needs to be replace. These things are not that complecated and there should be a lot of good ones out there. This just isn't one one them. I'm going to sell this one and get another brand.
Told from the intriguing perspective of Elizabeth Barrett Browning's maid, Wilson, this book asks us to look at the relationship between the English upper-class and their personal servants in the nineteenth century. Where close bonds can develop, as they do here, what are the obligations of a maid to her mistress, and what are the obligations of a mistress to her maid?Here, the Brownings (especially Elizabeth) do not necessarily come off well, at some points seeming to deliberately throw up obstacles to the happiness of Mrs. Browning's maid, even though to help her would come at little or no cost to themselves, and would seem to be no more than she deserves after years of loyal and devoted service. But Wilson also makes poor choices; is she relying on the Brownings for their help inappropriately? That she continually chooses her employers over herself and her family is frustrating, as is the Browning's continuing inability to recognize the sacrifices she makes.The resolution of the book is not entirely satisfactory. After a lengthy, drawn-out process, Wilson more or less accepts that she is on her own and that the Brownings owe her nothing. But it feels more as though she was forced to this realization, rather than coming to it naturally, and showing some growth as a character.
I purchased the Black and Decker F1060 which is designed exactly like the F1000. It is a great iron with lots of nice features WHEN it is together. However, the top pops off the iron. There are clips holding it in to the clear plastic area that holds the water. I am not sure if it pops off just from the heat or if it is because when you turn the dial setting it can cause it to pop off if you turn it slightly past where you should stop. It is not hard to turn it too far. My husband has re glued it twice and maybe that has messed up the settings but I iron a lot of calico since I quilt and want the setting on the highest for cotton. So when turning all the way to the highest setting you can easily turn it too far and therefore it comes apart. Poor design.
Wheelan has done what no one else seems to have been able to do: write a non-technical economics book that avoids the fatal flaws of many others in the genre, presents all of the major areas of economics, does not insult the adult learner, and keeps the reader's attention from cover to cover. As an economics instructor at the principles through graduate level, I've searched high and low for such a book, and finally found in "Naked Economics" one that passes all of my screens. First, there are no graphs or formulas. Yet Wheelan has been able to capture virtually all of the basic lessons that are found in entry-level econ texts. The book covers micro, macro, monetary, labor and global economics. There are a number of fine non-technical econ. books on the market that focus on microeconomics (David Friedman, "Hidden Order" being one example), but have little to say about macro-, monetary or international economics, except in passing. Also, Wheelan offers brief but sound economic advice on personal investing. Thirdly, the book is politically well balanced. Neither the right nor the left get off scott-free, as Wheelan picks apart each side's weaknesses yet gives credit where sound economics supports a particular position. This aspect alone leaves it head and shoulders above its competitors, which in many cases are more polemics than economics. Wheelan is an economic journalist with a Ph.D., and happily, it shows. He weaves economic lessons with daily life and world events so smoothly that the reader is unaware that he or she has been learning the dismal science. Economics text writers can take a lesson from him.
Thanks in part to the notorious death count in Transformers: The Movie (among other things), The Transformers' third season was met with a resounding thud by children of the '80s. However, time and wisdom have revealed that the third season was, in fact, one of the best written years of animation in recent history, with episodes like &quot;The Killing Jar&quot;, &quot;Webworld&quot;, &quot;The Big Broadcast of 2006&quot;, &quot;Only Human&quot;, and &quot;The Face of Nijika&quot; tackling some advanced themes, and excellently, at that.The problem is, Season 3 was a problematic year to produce. Scatman Crothers (the voice of Jazz) died before the year began, and Casey Kasem and Don Messick left (the former because of his displeasure with the country of Carbombya and it's leader, Abdul Fakhaddi, a rip on some of the Middle Eastern rulers of the time). Roger C. Carmel (voice of Cyclonus, Motormaster, Bruticus, and others) would die before &quot;The Return of Optimus Prime&quot; was recorded. And, thanks to the stretched resources at Sunbow (with a season of Jem, a season of G.I. Joe, The Inhumanoids, and G.I. Joe: The Movie all in production), the re-take budget dwindled to zero, and results were rushed (with The Transformers succumbing to a glaringly inconsistent look in its third year).In typical Rhino fashion, the episodes have been given a total overhaul, looking and sounding better than ever (except the recaps, which are unrestored). Extras are a bit light this time around, with the obligatory look at the most recent Botcon, as well as three of the trailers from Season 3, and 5 PSAs that I totally don't remember (and play exactly like the famous G.I. Joe PSAs). However, there are some anomalies: The episode-specific opening for &quot;Five Faces of Darkness&quot; is only present at the start of Parts III and V, and is noticeably unrestored. Also unrestored is the Marvel/Sunbow logo at the end of each episode. Additionally, &quot;Dark Awakening&quot; ends with the tacked-on narration that was used to hype &quot;The Return of Optimus Prime&quot; when it premeired in February of 1987. As with past sets, there are a couple of re-takes not properly inserted, but overall, the episodes are as aired. And, as others have complained, the order is not the one posted on the TF websites-it's the correct order as dictated by series continuity. Finally, the master for &quot;Thief in the Night&quot; seems to have been seriously damaged, as there are heavy streaks throughout (and therefore pretty much impossible to restore).Despite these complaints, this set is another excellent effort for Rhino, and is not to be missed by Transformers fans.
Item was advertised as new. It was shipped in a box that was not sealed shut. The item itself was opened.The item itself was not the high quality I had expected. Save yourself some time,aggravation and a couple of bucks-get a radial cleaner from a local store. This Amazon.com seller was not up to snuff by a long shot.
This is Excellent news knowing that Tiny Toon Adventures comes to DVD, after years of waiting. Tiny Toon Adventures Season 1, Volume 1 is a hot seller. Tiny Toon Adventures Season 1, Volume 2 and Seasons 2 and 3 should be released in 2009. Tiny Toon fans will be very happy when they collect every of Tiny Toon Adventures on DVD in the next year. Please make plans for more Tiny Toons on DVD, Warner Bros.
I am a huge Batman fan, and this was my first exposure to the animated gotham universe. Being somewhat of a Batman purist, I was expecting a cutesy kid's feature, heavy on cheesy action and light on plot or acting. Instead, I was won over by a good storyline, terrific voice acting, and superb art throughout. The characters feel engaging, and while this feature is suitable for kids, it also has enough of an &quot;edge&quot; that adults can enjoy it as well. Highly recommended (better than almost all of the Batman feature films)!
this mug is perfect for canned soups,or chili,and enough coffee to keep you awake for an entire day. sturdy and very versatile,and very sexy in black. if it only was 5.99 i'd buy more
I decided to read Blithedale Romance because the plot was purported to explore utopian ideals and the breakdown of a utopian society. I thought it would be an interesting take on the subject, along the lines of Brave New World or 1984. What I got was something very different, and pretty disappointing at that. A lot of things about this book frustrated me. First, the events in the book are just plain unrealistic and non-believable. For example, when Coverdale's hotel window just happens to look out onto Zenobia's drawing room in Boston, and a huge confrontation takes place as a result. Second, the character descriptions are repetitive, and also hard to believe. I mean, how many cheesy ways can you think of to describe the delicate and fragile nature of poor Priscilla. A crumbling flower? A pale ghost? The Veiled Lady? A lost rabbit? Just please stop it; we get it after 30 total pages of this. Third, I believe that Hawthorne had the 19th century version of ADD. He goes off on non-consequential tangents that are boring. At times, he seems to be writing without a purpose. If you take out all the tangential descriptions, you could probably reduce this book to a short story about Hollingsworth, Zenobia, and Priscilla. Instead, we're required to read a whole novel that lacks tempo due to the frequent and irrelevant interruptions. Fourth, the characters are one-dimension and lack any depth. For example, Hollingsworth is the guy who believes in a single ideal at the cost of all others; everything about him follows from this, other than an occasional reference to his gentle nature. Priscilla is always the innocent and fragile little girl; nothing more.I'm giving the book two stars instead of one because there are three or four noteworthy quotes/observations in the book that I did like. In hindsight, I should have just read these passages from the book, and skipped the rest. You can't carry a whole novel on three or four wisdom soundbites.
Highly recommended. Not entirely unlike K.C. and the Sunshine Band of the late '70's Disco era, neither of which I much liked. Kind of soft, rockish instrumentals with maybe jazz and disco influences, with a variety of backing vocalists. No hit singles, just a solid, solid album. Precision playing of well-crafted songs, I feel more mature for having listened to it. Mood music perfect for an adult mixer, especially when nobody is familiar with it. Dancible enough to encourage it when that party is on fire, but no so much that you notice it most of the time. Encore, Mr. White!!(P.S. - it doesn't hurt to have extra copies on hand for guests who might express an interest.)
Until "The Night in Question" came along it seemed like forever since I read an Intrigue I really loved. Even Harper Allen's last one wasn't one of her best. This one's right up there."The Night in Question" is an intense read that combines moving characters and a strong mystery. Julia and Max are two deeply felt characters with tragedy in their pasts who find the strength and courage to overcome them. Julia is a gritty and more flawed character than most Intrigue heroines. That's what makes her so fascinating. Unlike the heroine of Allen's "Protector with a Past," another tortured Julia, this one is easier to relate to and sympathize with. She's also given a hero in Max with just as much to overcome and as much to gain from love. The author takes as much care to develop the mystery as she does the romance. There are plenty of secrets to be uncovered along the way and a good amount of action. The witness protection angle did strike me as a little off too, but the author has been very meticulous with her research in the past. She included author's notes in her first two books to note changes she'd made and there were parts of "The Night in Question" that demonstrated she'd done her homework. I decided to give her the benefit of the doubt and go with it. It's such a little thing I wouldn't let it bother me when there are so many wonderful things in this book.I was about ready to give up on Intrigues after the last few months of so-so books. I wasn't sure why I was reading them anymore (contrary to popular belief, I don't like writing bad reviews for Intrigues). This one was wonderful, full of the emotion and mystery the best Intrigues should have. There might be hope for the line after all.
Except issue 6. I think Kevin Anderson wrote this one, with the corny lines "HE HAS A SITH AMULET! THEY'RE DEADLY!" and "I wonder who that man is? I feel like I will learn much from him!" and "Dace is dead! I told him." The Jedi in the final issue seem to be Supermen, unfallable. The story shows a young Jedi turn to the Dark Side because of the death of his master and another Jedi, Exar Kun turn to the Dark Side because he was just plain dumb. No really, he was. His Jedi Master told him not to go looking into The Sith because he is too young. Maybe he should have listened to the crab Master, I mean he IS A MASTER right? The art is good, except for issue 6. I don't know what happened, but issue 6 can not be part of the series. It is just awful, awful writing and art. The lightsabers are blue sticks. Seriously, they put NO effect into them at all. The coloring is poor on everything too. When it shows lasers or effects, its just 2 colors and not a variety of colors.
Great backpack. Durable and has plenty of room for materials. I use it to bring books lunch and activities to my job and have used it for travel as well.. Love the color options.
...I agree with the other reviewers who dislike the hero (he's more of a jerk) and find the story disorganized, etc. I also thought it had too many unnecessary/uninteresting characters. I've read a few others by this author and would generally rate her books 3-4 stars. She's not a great writer and her plots really need work, but she can be entertaining. I didn't care for Alex either; he's hypocritical, judgemental, cruel and stupid, and I don't care how good-looking a guy is, he's got to have a little more than looks! And as for dumping his daughter with Charlotte, who he calls a whore, in Scotland - come on! That is just ridiculous. These novels are fiction, but even fictional characters have to act with some semblance of reality for the story to work for the reader. I did like Charlotte and got a kick out of Sophie. Had I been Charlotte I would have dumped Alex and gone after a nicer if less spectacular looking guy. She deserves better. I won't be reading any more of this series.
I skipped the introduction of the book explaining who is who because it was boring. The book was though was excellent. It gave the after life from a beautiful and but limited viewpoint that gives you a glimpse of what one spirit experienced and relayed back to earth. This book truly captured me, not though any great detailed literature but rather its blunt forwardness of experience and humanness.It is written by two retired nuns who were excedingly telepathic in the 60's. One passed and relayed her experience in the afterlife to the other.It brings up many topics that one would find of the nature of death and life, but beneath it all it reveals what it is that truly makes life worth it all.Definatly recommend, and commend this book
Mel Brooks movies do fine at the box office, so why do we need to add a bunch of explosions, a competent Kaos, and make Max a highly skilled analyst who only makes mistakes because he is a new agent. The whole premise of the show is violated. That and maybe there were 6 Buck Henry style jokes in the whole movie (which was too long).I'm sure 'The Rock' is a nice guy, but he is overexposed at this point.Steve Carell does a pretty good job as Max, he is just not written as a blundering incompetent. I do miss Don Adams voice though. Anne Hathaway is beautiful and has a smokin' hot body and looks great modeling retro fashion, but she doesn't shine in the part of 99, maybe because Max written this way doesn't need a straight wo(man).To sum it up, its just not funny, and it's not trying to be funny, its trying to be a vanilla action film using an established brand.
I've been meaning to buy some more King Oliver to complement the few Gennett selections I've got on LP, but I had always put it off. Now that I've bought this set, I wonder, what took me so long!? These later sides by King Oliver are much underrated. Of course, they're not the classic 1923 sides with Louis Armstrong, but they are still quite a treat! The jazz is hot, and it's been wonderfully preserved. Unlike the tinny, crackly old acoustically-recorded Gennett recordings that he is famous for, these sides were recorded by Victor Records in 1929-1930, and are newly remastered here by John R. T. Davies. These records have rich, full-bodied clear sound with minimal surface noise, and of course, NO digital artifacts. The notes contain a complete discography of the selections with recording dates, personnel, and matrix numbers. If you're remotely interested in early jazz, get this set! You won't be disappointed.
I read this book prior to watching the movie. The movie is now one of my favorites of all time. This book however is one of the worst books I have read and I read a LOT.I will say up front that at least part of my difficulty with this book is the slang. What I mean is the author and character of the book are Irish, so perhaps I just couldn't pick up the language, and that may be my own shortcoming.That being said, the main problem with this book is that it is all over the place. The narrator will suddenly write three or four pages about some random people that we don't know, have never read about, and do not ever read about again. The problem with that is that it makes you wonder what the point of those interactions and antecdotes are exactly. That's just one example of the "messy" part I am referring to. I found myself re-reading almost every other page wondering what I missed, trying to figure out where this and that came from. I am not even sure why, but I never felt much for Patrick. Although what he describes is awful and sad, I never really felt like I could identify with him and I never felt bonded with him like I would expect to.Another problem in my opinion is that I don't feel that the character ever evolves or changes. Patrick does go through a lot and experiences a lot of things, most of them hateful and disgusting (not on his part though) and he spends his time being upset over his mother who abandoned him yet I don't feel that there is ever any resolution or progression at all. I got to the end of the book wondering what the point was, wondering if there was any point at all. This book left me feeling pretty s****y about humanity, not that I need much to make me feel that way.The ONLY thing that stopped me from giving Breakfast one star is the simple fact that an incredibly heartfelt and beautiful, even inspiring movie was born from this muddled piece of work. The movie is "never" better than the book. Well this is one of about three cases I know of where that is absolutely not true. I never thought I'd say this about ANY movie adaptation of a book....SAVE YOURSELF THE TIME AND WATCH THE MOVIE INSTEAD.
I really enjoyed the Harris Men and was thrilled to see this sequel but found myself not even caring how this book ended. There was no character developement, the plot seemed to slow down and stop at certain points and I found myself bored. These brothers don't seem to know what they want and was it just me or did all three Harris boys have problems with violence?Borrow this from a library.
This is a step into something relatively new again for Mike Oldfield. He comes back with a very much calmer and nicer feel, leaving behind such different works as Tubular Bells III, Guitars and The Millennium Bell. The music is quite peaceful but still talented, if maybe simpler than almost any other of his works. It is very much more modern- sounding as well.The first song, 'Misty', dedicated to his lady horse of the same name, is a real delight, a very fresh opening to the album. A smart melody and rythm drives you on and the main melody of 'Tres Lunas' is played for the first time. So comes 'No Man's Land', a nice track inspired by the desert.'Return to the Origin' is one of the best numbers Mike has made for ages. It's so refreshing and enthusiastic that it almost makes you feel like a child. You'll remember the best Mike's works for a second if you are a follower of his music. His sister sally repeats the word 'Return' while some great and expressive gyuitars flow freely over a deep and beating rythm. That's reaaly a wonder.'Landfall' is a little wonder in itself. The repetitive piano takes you to a very sea- feeling atmosphere while guitars and other instruments play with the simple melody. 'Viper' is a very progressive track that follows a more than simple melody. It's full with original sounds.'Turtle Island' takes you to Spain in a very good sounding spanish guitar melody. This is the track in which that polemic &quot;midi&quot; saxophone fits the best. And so, the commercial 'To Be free', that's a real uplifter, with those beautiful lyrics: &quot;My wish would be/ To be free, to be wild/ And to be just like a child&quot;. Simple, but so honest.The second half of songs is maybe more introspective and deep. 'Dragonfly' is another little marvel, with that shivery sound imitating the flipping of a dragonfly's wings. And so, one of the best tracks: 'Tres Lunas'. It is a great song, with many different styles of guitars. This is Mike Oldfield in his essence. As he said, the track is based on a strange world with three moons, and they are described in a cycle of a melody and chorus repeated three times. It is one of those Mike Oldfield's themes that reaaly take you to another place.'Thou Art In Heaven' and 'Sirius' are much deeper and trancer tracks that need a few more listens to get into them, but they're almost more evocative than the rest. They have a very cosmic feel as well. The ending title, 'No Man's Land Reprise' is a very moody ending to the album. I expected something more joyful from a easy-listening album from the optimistic Oldfield. But it still sounds romantic and nostalgic, a beautiful duet by a guitar and a saxophone.The overall feeling of the album for anybody who knows Mike's works from the past, is an average work in his ranking but with some beautiful tunes that make you really feel Mike's more alive than ever. It sounds like a mixture from 'The Songs of Distant Earth' and 'Guitars'. A nice album to have.
I have to admit, when I started reading Napoleon Hill's "Keys To Success" I wasn't expecting it to be a great book. I had read "Think and Grow Rich" a couple months ago and I wasn't too thrilled with the older style English and abstract thoughts without real world examples. However I can confidently say that this was a great book!The book goes through 17 different habits and thoughts of highly successful people. All of them are excellent techniques that a person can use to take themselves to success. Aspects like creating a definitness of purpose, creating an alliance of experts, keeping positive mental attitude are all included along with great examples and words of wisdom.While there is still some older style English in the book, and some abstract topics such as keeping in contact with a higher intelligence do not contain as many practical examples, I believe this is only because this refers to topics that cannot be explained as well. I also admire him for tackling the tough job of writing about such things... but it appears to be a very important issue for Mr. Hill. I tend to agree with him.In all, I thought this was a great read and definitely worth the time. 4 out of 5 stars for the old English... :)
This is quite a "heavy" product (i.e. you'll definitely know it's in your hair), but it works quite well and smells pretty good. If you use it everyday for a month or two, your hair may change texture - get more oily or something(?), but I guess that's the price to pay for using lots of product. The guy who cuts my hair says he loves the stuff for what it's worth.
This headset can be good If you only plan on using it a few hours at a time. Don't think you will be able to sit at work with these on all day, you will be lucky to get more than 3 hours. The USB charging cable that comes with it is fairly short, so you can't use them plugged in while charging unless your head is within a foot or so from the USB port. I use these with my Cingular 8525. I have not been able to connect them to my laptop to listen to music. I do find them comfortable, and they fold nicely into the carrying bag they come with. They do however take a while to connect to my phone, and will not connect if a song is already playing out loud. I will be looking for a better pair of headphones, this is a case of you get what you pay for.
I recently had to remove a rug from my bedroom that had been there for years. I found that the floor underneath had been somewhat damaged from the rug. The floor was discolored and didn't match the flooring around it. It also appeared that any wax or finish that had been under the rug was gone.Luckily I had some of this wax on hand and took the chance that I could restore the floor a little.It did take 3 applications to this particular spot because the flooring had become porous, but now the flooring under the old rug matches the rest of the room, it has a nice glow to it and it isn't so glossy as to make the floor slippery when walking on it with socks on.The flooring has a nice semi-gloss look to it.I've also used this product on my undamaged flooring and it has proved to keep my heavily trafficked areas in good shape. If it scuff from moving furniture you simply just wax the spot that scuffed and forget about it.Do NOT use a sponge mop to apply it. I use my Swiffer with an old face towel attached to it.If your floor has dried to a dull finish once your application has dried, you need to follow the easy directions on the back of the can. No other product other than the One Step is needed for this step.Each new coat you use dissolves the one already on the floor.Do not use this product on pre-finished flooring.
This movie was more about the jouney within than about martial arts and action, which is a very important message in today's society. It is sad that more people see a movie as stupid as "Jackass" while they stay away from a movie about honor and what it means to be a true human being. This Hermit Crab thinks its a sign of the times :( Peace be with you always!
This comic continues from Issue 4 or 5 (I can' recall, it was the Cracker Jack story) but you don't realize it until the end of the book. A young teenage orphan from a small community comes to Astro City to become famous. He gets a job as a bus boy in a private club that is frequently visited by super heroes. The boy then meets The Confesser, a Batman like super hero and the boy becomes his new side kick. The kid becomes the talk of the town as photos appear of him in the newspaper saying he is the Confessers side kick, but the Confesser never appears in the photos. However there is more to the Confesser than meets the eyes...
Well ... I had all intentions of buying this wonderful classic but after reading all the negative reviews about DVD quality I won't waste the money. When are execs at Warners gonna wake up and start listening to consumers? I'll gladly pay a premium price for a PROFESSIONALLY restored version of this grand movie. This is one film that DESERVES it! My opinion. Until they offer a decent copy I'll watch it for FREE on YouTube.
This is a great movie... period. George Romero has outdone himself once again, and given us a masterpiece.It's obviously not the best of the series, but that is definatly not a bad thing. No one else makes zombie films like Romero, and i doubt anyone else ever will.If you are a george romero fan, then you will probably like this movie a lot, but if your expecting to see something better than the other 3 films, don't waste your money.
I knew Mr. Bunker in 1973 and had an autographed copy of this book (since been lost). This book very accurately describes and depicts the often brutal and violent realities in prison, and the thinking of the men and women incarcerated there. I also agree with Mr. Bunker's assessment of the mindset and philosophies, in general, of law enforcement and correctional agencies and personnel (i.e. most prison environments are dehumaninizing and not oriented towards "rehabilitation" or developing personal empathy and insights that will lead to positive changes). However, I also believe very strongly (and know from my own personal experience that it's usually a con- venient rationalization to blame external circumstances or experiences for leading to criminal behavior). There is no behavior without a thought, and it's the criminal thinking that is distorted (for whatever reason)...but it's the thinking... coupled with empathy (and other factors)...that also holds the potential for meaningful change...and breaking the cycle of recidivism. This book gives the "uninitiated" a very real look into what is usually incomprehensible to the vast majority of people in our society...and perhaps a clue as to how to make a difference.
Very good addition to my music classroom library/CD/DVD collection.Thank you for putting it in a story book format with a CD to accompany.
Two discs totaling 220 minutes viewing. Molly (mom)finds villa in Tuscany which Daddy (Gielgud) loves, but hubby and daughter not thrilled.Rolly-Polly plots unfold, The Villa owner disappears, followed by a water shortage, daughter in the well (got stuck and scared stiff. Daddy finds a rich widow, off to the horse races in Sienna. many changing scenarios and plots but story defintely lacks continuity. Good Author,(John Mortimer) but not his best work. For the price of this two disc set, I would say probably buying not a wise move. The story is long but uninteresting.
It may seem strange but besides Ten, I always thought the best album that Pearl Jam ever made wasn't even an album, it was their collection of b-sides and rarities called Lost Dogs. On that collection Pearl Jam played hard, anthemic rock as well as well crafted ballads that highlighted what they do well, stadium rock.And low and behold, after close to a decade of being out in the proverbial woods away from mainstream rock, they have come back with this gem of an album. Pearl Jam's self titled release is a definite return to form and one of the strongest releases so far this year.The album kicks off with a 5 pack of brilliant hard rocking numbers. The highlight of this opening salvo is World Wide Suicide. The song highlights Pearl Jam in fuzzy garage rock mode.Unfortunately the album peaks early, but the rest of the songs are far from throw away numbers. Wasted Reprise seems kind of unneccesary, but other than that, the rest of the numbers are solid. Come Back is probably the best song on the end of the album. It's a well composed ballad with heartfelt lyrics that shows Pearl Jam can handle this material well.Pearl Jam seems to make catchy anthemic rock with such tossed off ease that it seems like they were shying away from that type of material for a better part of a decade because it wasn't challenging enough. Though albums like Yield and No Code have their moments, this is definitely their best proper album since Vitalogy. This comes highly recommended to any fan of Pearl Jam. If you look good ole hard garage rock, then this album is also for you.
This is one of the best books I have used for a computer science course. This book is really detailed. Would really recommend getting this book and keeping it for reference.
I bought this radio hoping that it would improve reception in an interior bathroom where I take my morning shower. I like to listen to a local news station, traffic, weather etc, but we live in a very tough reception area near a tower that broadcasts many foreign language (mostly Korean and Spanish, I think) local stations that seem to overwhelm cheap a cheap radios' tuning ability. I have rarely been able to pull in our (WTOP, Washington, DC) local AM news station, but this radio does a fine job. Yes, it does indeed have an AM band (labeled as MW), contrary to some reviews, and does a great job. Sound is quite good, and the unit is small, though not tiny, and surpringsly heavy for its size (i.e. SOLID).
Holdsworth fans consider this one of his best albums. It's raw and to the point. Just four guys making a recording that was way ahead of it's time. Shallow Sea is, to me, the Holdsworth sound. This album is fantastic !!!!
I bought this grinder specifically to use with a diamond cutting blade (the Bosch DB4563 4 1/2" General Purpose Premium Plus Turbo Diamond Circular Saw Blade) to cut and shape 2" thich flagstone pieces for an outdoor patio installation. I read and re-read the reviews carefully, and considering the price it seemed like a good bet to try this tool on for size. I have not been disapointed!This tool is extremely light wieght and easy to use so I do not feel fatigued like I would by using a heavy tool. I feel almost no vibration at all and have only experienced kick-back when I try to force things (bad me!) instead of letting the machine and the diamond blade make the cut for me. The handle can be attached on either side of the head and it attaches at a 70 degree angle which is VERY comfortable.This tool is set up in such a way that I feel that I have total control over the cuts I am making. I have not made a single miscut since I started using this tool. I highly recomend it for cutting stone and for use with a diamond blade.
This book was given to me as a gift based on the comparison to David Sedaris. I discovered nonfiction humor a few years ago, greatly enjoying Sedaris, Jill Conner Browne and others who have turned mishaps in life into tales that delighted.Life is disturbing and to be able to find humor in even the darkest moments is a gift. Burroughs has this gift, but these stories are too graphic, disturbing and depressing to make into humor. Mental illness and abuse are not funny. These are not mundane topics in which to find the light - there is no light.I found the writing to be simple, straight forward and descriptive (sometimes too descriptive); however the style helped me to feel the voice of Burroughs as a teen - I felt it was appropriate and well written in that respect. He's telling these stories as they happened (or as he remembers) and expects you to laugh.If you are able to find humor in funerals, traffic accidents and cancer, you may find it among these recollections, too. I did not and left hoping that he and all who were represented in the story were able to find help and heal.
Had to return the first one due to non-functioning thermo and fault compass. Small is nice for hanging it on keys or pack, but the same smallness makes it a little hard to opwerate one handed. I also have a Brunton compass that fits the hajnd much nicer. We'll see how long the 2nd one lasts.
I bought this hoping it would ease some of the pressure on my tailbone (as I am pregnant) and it doesn't change a thing. Needs to be much thicker and hole larger. I am going to have to try something else. Don't waste your money.
This is one of the worst CDs ever recorded. Their version of "Go Your Own Way" is a hideous puke-inducing abomination. It is the worst cover version of any song I've ever heard in 40 years. If Lindsay Buckingham allowed this, he must have been truly coked out at the time. I shall not try to find out, because if he did I would lose almost all respect for him. The rest of the covers on this disc are merely bad to mediocre. "Go your own way" is vile and loathsome. I will have to listen to Fleetwood Mac's version at least a hundred times to begin to wipe the revolting memories from my violated mind. Gotta run and hurl and retch now!
THIS REVIEW WILL BE SHORT AND SWEET. ONE OF THE BEST BLUES SHOWS RECORDED IN YEARS. TAKE A GREAT BUT UNKNOWN BLUES BAND AND PUT THEM TOGETHER WITH A ROCK LEGEND AND PRESTO, A SHOW THAT IS ONE WE ALL HOPE TO SEE IN OUR LIFETIMES.I CAN COUNT ON ONE HAND THE SHOWS I'VE SEEN IN MY 50 YEARS OF LISTENING AND CONCERT GOING THAT KICK BUTT LIKE THIS ONE.I HAVE OVER 400 DVD CONCERTS IN MY COLLECTION AND THIS ONE IS IN MY ALLTIME TOP TEN CATAGORY.
First off before crucifying them for their lyrics or use of the English language you should take a step back and read your own review. It was loaded with grammatical errors that would make any third grade teacher squirm. This album was definitely a step up instrumentally from the last couple albums. The production on it is tight and it is very listenable. Second, labels are lame. Blink never claimed to be punk rock, they just played the music they enjoyed. They never forced it down anyone's throats. The fact that they sold millions of records is great, what band wouldn't want to get their music out to as many people as possible. That is the whole point. They chose to make music a career and therefore did the best they could at their job, they were rewarded with countless fans and fat pocket books, so what. Are you telling me if you were an auto mechanic and somebody offered you a $100 for an oil change you would say "no, i'm punk rock, just give me $10"? I would most definitely recommend this one and the first two albums.
I first ran into China by reading 'The Scar' and was impressed with the book but did have a couple issues with it as posted here. Reading the praise for Pedido Street Station I decided to pick it up, and I'm happy I did.But again, there are issues. If you think Tolkien over complicates descriptions of objects or scenes, don't even open these books, the prose may be over-the-top for some 'less patient' readers. Also, as another reviewer mentioned, maybe China should put down the thesaurus and use 'normal' words. The use of solipsistic, puissant, and other uncommon words seem overused, and even more so in The Scar. While I don't mind learning new words, it can be combursome to break open Dictonary.com just to learn that Puissant means power; might. Maybe look at it like a vocabulary trainer...All in all, the world building and characterization is top notch. I recommend reading it, not as challenging as The Scar, but I believe a better book.
This IS really a great case and it protects EVERYTHING and covers all the plugs.But I just get a new video ipod and it is soooo sad that they don't have it yet for the Ipod video :(but other wise if u have a mini I would stop your search now and buy this one :D
This is the slickest hip-hop record I own. The rhymes are so smooth, they leave you singing all day. The commentary is beyond astute. Biting apathetic accounts of life flow from someone who seems to understand the reasons for the destitution of a people at the hands of a mindless machine.The essential drive to this group is the analysis of desparation. Their dramatization of destructive behavior in poor culture cuts to the very core of its nature. Each song paints a different picture of what authority, meaning drugs, jobs, government and economics, have to do with the situation that they see in their hometown of Oakland. The album was released in the season prior to the LA/Rodney King riots, and the applicable philosophy hits you like a stone. The name of the album itself, and the final song on the album (which is absolutely excellent by the way) is pulled from a very depressing metaphor that sums up the rest of the work as a whole. I'll leave the rest of my admiration and respect for this group for the rest of you to discover.
This is a great dvd! All The videos are awesome. If you like Ac/dc, you need to go out and pick this one up asap.
Wavering between four or five stars.Although he is an academic, rather than being cumbersome, Friedmann's book feels like he sat down and simply wrote off the top of his head all that he knew about the subject. This is a good thing. It doesn't get bogged down and it reads well. It does have explanatory notes, but the notes themselves are interesting and the book is slim. The first chapter is the best, concise introduction to the history of the Chinese city out there. As a planner practicing in China, I even learned quite a bit. Other chapters deal with the migrant mobility, urbanization in the countryside, regional policies, governance, and social aspects among others.This book is best for someone who does not know much about China but wants quick introduction to what is happening in Chinese cities today.
I have read Notaro's books out of order. Although this was her first, I read it after a couple of more recent ones. I did enjoy this one and thought some parts were funny, but since I am middle aged and way past the single and young days, I could not like it as much as the others. Now that I have read The Idiot Girls' Action-Adventure Club...I can officially say that I have entered Old Farthood. I found myself shaking my head and clicking my tongue...horrrifying, but true. If only Laurie had written this in the 80's. Anyway, there's a Laurie book for everyone. I'm reading them all!
I ordered this because I have a Mac and am looking for a fractal design manual. It would seem a no brainer that a 400+ page manual with "Fractal Design" as the first two words in its title would actually be a fractal design manual. Guess what. It isn't. A few sentences on page 143 about a supposed fractal design tool is it -- not one mention of Mandelbrot in the whole book.I suppose this would be an adequate manual for the Painter 4 application -- which I do not have. If the book had turned out to have any USEFUL information about generating and manipulating fractals, I would next have purchased Painter 4. However, the rest of the book seems to have no information that I do not already know and already use in PhotoShop, such as how to create a new document, establishing the size and resolution, using selection tools, paint brushes and color palettes, and so forth.It is too much to pay for something that is not what it says it is, and I am still on the lookout for something that tells me how to do fractals on a mac. Big disappointment here.
I read this book, originally entitled "Flight in Winter" (from a biblical reference), when in my teens - for than forty years ago - and you should be warned, there are vignettes in it that will remain with you for life (for example, the schoolteacher who has both of her Achilles' tendons severed).Personally I am tired of the reflex that most readers and reviewers have to these histories - which basically boils down to: the Germans did the same to the Russians and they therefore had it coming.If you have read enough, from both sides, and especially if you have known individuals still alive who experienced this conflict, you know that, as destructive and often pitiless as the struggle was, the damage visited on the Russians by the Germans was nothing like that visited on the Germans by their enemies. We are talking about machine gunning whole villages, mass raping of all women between ages 8 and 80, running over wounded with tanks - and worse.Try "A Terrible Revenge" (again, "they had it coming") and Storm on the Reich, if you need more of this. Then if you can still shrug it off, tell me which church you attend.
This is a scale that is both accurate and stylish. I have had one myself for quite a while, and recently bought several as gifts for relatives. It may take a couple of times before one gets used to briefly stepping on and off it to start the scale, before weighing, because it must first "tare" itself, just like a chemical balance. But after one gets used to that, it is a great scale!Several reviewers have complained about this scale, and I have a guess about what caused those complaints. The good news is that the problem is easily circumvent by the user. The scale uses a 9 V battery, which has a polarized plug. Normally, such batteries are used with a flexible, polarized battery connector that allows no ambiguity about which pole is connected to the plus and minus terminals. The Tanita, however, doesn't use this standard method, but instead has a battery compartment that allows the battery to be inserted with the wrong polarity. Moreover, the 9V battery supplied with the unit has minuscule polarity signs. Therefore, pay close attention to the polarity before inserting the battery.The omission of a properly polarized connector is a simple design error that Tanita should correct.
Grandia, originally for the Sega Saturn, is the essence of an out-and-out, underground landmark. Riding along the celestial gamut with the likes of Chrono Trigger and Super Mario RPG, the first Grandia bought forth a skillfully representation of the hero struggle and an extraordinary battle engine. However, GameArts' second attempt to reinstate their own Grandia principles doesn't rank up as climatic as the original. Their dagger to live up to the name of Grandia II is simultaneously sharp and dull. GameArts manages to rejuvenate the reincarnation of an unparalleled battle system and a fiercely polished graphical trimming, then leaving their previous strong points on plot and characters in the gutters of RPG degradation.Let's not dwell on the fact that Grandia II has a few shortcomings in its story presentation. First, let's invest time on a breakdown on why Grandia II is noteworthy and slightly distant from a humdrum RPG. What serves as its vantage side is the impressive and addictive hybrid of real-time and turn-based clash. Ballooned on the screen are the selected combatants in a full-sized hoedown with enormous fiends. Grandia II's system is based on a bar found at the bottom of the screen. The bar contains Faces of each individual participating in the battle, enemies included. Adjoining on it are the three segments of WAIT, COM, and ACT. After the WAIT portion, a specified Face hits the COM, and an action for a character is selected. The Face then advances to the ACT sector, where the command is initiated. Technical actions such as skill moves or screen-bursting spells entail a longer delay to reach the ACT segment. Each hero has his or her identifiable imperfection and assets. Ryudo is best for fighting, Elena is ideal for healing the battered party, Millenia keeps an implicit armory of black magic, Roan attacks in impeccable speed, and the ferocious Mareg is frequently sent to deliver heavy duty damage. Grandia II warrants a blessing for employing such strategic order.Gladly, monsters are visible throughout the game. The player may choose to charge head-on or avoid and hurriedly confront the huge boss. At times though, its mandatory to have a smack down with enemies when pulling some type of switch, but it sure beats the vexing randomness of countless RPGs. Moreover, learning and acquiring skills are caught in a breeze. Stockpiling MP and SP points from victories, the player determines the desired skills from Mana Eggs and Skill Books. In general, the fighting is easy to manipulate and is an unqualified joy to take a womppin' on.On its graphical viewpoint the colors are crisp and super-clean. The involvedness in dungeons are good, and works well with the line of heroes plowing through it. In the battle shot, spells are among the most awe-inspiring and not as time-consuming as Square's ridiculous incantations. A mix of polygons, extreme lighting effects, and animation is truly something still fresh and worth the mention. Implemented on a quickie, non-sticky battle pace, Grandia II is pomp of what the Dreamcast could handle, but further indicates the force of the PS2.And onto the dark side of Grandia II. To those who plan to seed hours on any RPG, it's estimated to read or watch a story of great magnitude unfold, but GameArts fails miserably. Nowhere near the past scenario, Grandia II is an entirely new tale featuring a mercenary and his conquest to escort a Songstress to slay an evil called Valmar (with all the sidequests in between). Slowly progressed, the story is a strain to watch and to scoop into. The central hero, Ryudo, seems like a mixed bag of Cloud from FFVII and Squall from FFVIII. Personally, I would love to see Cloud rip Ryudo from flesh and limb with his Limit Break, the Omnislash. For Squall -- well, who really did like him? The unceasing baddie, Melfice, though is not even worth a mention with his weak voice-over and boring intentions. And don't get me started on Roan and his "little secret." It's been duplicated so many times that the astonishment was not intended for the character but for GameArts who actually had the balls to comprise the hackneyed bombshell. And what's more irksome than predictable twists and the shortage of suspense is the dialogue that tries to be funny, clever, and philosophical. The poor construction of reworked characters and plot robbed Grandia II of its ancillary star.Although feathery on the challenge, the weighty amount of dungeons will chain players down with the bulk of time gorged on quests and dialogue. About 45 hours will shed off your ticking machines. With all the hype and hope I had going for it, it pains me not to appraise Grandia II with 5 stars, but with all the chinks in its plot, justice has been served. Grandia II is a marvel to play but a nuisance to read. When all is said and done, the only thing that can really sweeten the Grandia pot is the wait for Grandia Xtreme, which is due later this month in Japan. Hopefully, GameArts will take their tight spots into account and nurture a Grandia that revolves on the "third time's a charm" tradition.
I enjoyed watching this movie although at the end I was nauseated by the whole Enron scandal, which means it was effective. I question the political tack the movie makes, trying to link Bush and Cheney to Lay. There's zero evidence at all of any favoritism Bush gave to Enron. In fact, Bush let the process work as it should and he did the right thing. The movie should have clarified that. Also, the movie as it was cut gave Gray Davis a large pass on his conduct during the energy crisis. To the filmaker's credit, they at least included in the deleted scenes discussion about how California considered taking police or military action to keep the power companies running, and Gray Davis declined to do so and instead was happy paying the insane power prices, hoping for a federal bailout. If the situation was as grave as was portrayed in this film, and if the outages were manufactured by Enron, then why didn't a few troops head over to a power plant and ensure the generators weren't shut down by Enron traders?In the end this is a great documentary about what happens when a few evil folks do evil and everyone else looks the other way. A must-watch for any student of business or government.
The Dark Highlander is an incredible book. I have read all Karen Marie Moning's books and I believe that this is by far her best work. This book details the story of Chloe- a museum conservator, and Dageus Mackelter- a man tormented by 13 demons who entered his body after he used magical powers to save the life of his brother. Chloe and Daegus travel through time to try to find a way to rid him of the demons that threaten to take control of him. The story is unique and the characters are wonderful!!
I have never seen such a weak CD built up so highly by reviewers. If this thing is so good, then why is it selling at $2.68 each for a used one on here? I think died-in-the-wool Steely Dan fans would like it if one track on here was nothing but Fagan or Becker flushing a toilet. The further Fagan and Becker stray from their jazz/blues influences and towards this rinky dink, funky,poppy, sweetisie daisies sounding crap, the worse and more monotonous they get. Don't get me wronng....I'm a fan also. I think Steely Dan has written and performed some of the greatest pop tunes of my generation, but think "Kakakiriad" was the start of a steep slide downwards. Their two last releases(including this one) sound like they could have come directly off that CD. So m,any of them have the same exact beats and Becker does that same exact "chicken pickin" thing on his guitar that he started on Kamakiriad. How could someone who put out a solo CD as good as Walter Becker's be anywhere close to satisfied with this kind of material? Beats me!
I bought this book at a library sale 3 years ago and I'm so glad that I did. We just went to the annual TX State Pow Wow and this book is the perfect follow-up resource for school. We will continue to use it each year as a starting point for further study into the Native American culture. My additional resource will be the book 500 Nations.
This album kicks so much tail, I can't believe it's been sitting here for almost four years without a review. For shame!So here's Dev/Null in a nutshell...Grindcore filtered through a Sega Genesis and heavily laced with breakbeats, beatboxing (yeah I said it), turntables and Casio goodness. It's like a product of the late 80s that's been remixed by aliens from the future.A definite must for fans of Nero's Day at Disneyland, Drumcorps, Sickboy, and pretty much everything else on the Cock Rock Disco label.If you're not sure about making the investment in Lazer Thrash, go to the Cock Rock website and get Dev/Null's jungle megamix and the Necrobestial Sadobreaks EP. They are both free and will blow your mind! Then piece it back together and head over here for this little underappreciated gem of mad overheated BPM nastiness.Bon appetit!
The only reason that I am even doing this and changing a review of this album is to set the record straight of misleading and ignorant reviews by a few who know nothing about what they are talking about and getting credit for "was this review helpful to you?". Plus I have become informed about Boston and have changed my views of the music in this album.The biggest and most ignorant statement I have read so far is that Tom Scholz and Brad Delp are NOT Boston! Boston are Brad, Tom, Barry, Fran and Sib. That couldn't be further from the truth.To clear this up, Tom and Brad ARE Boston! When they were signed to CBS/Epic records Boston only Tom and Brad's names were on the contract because that's who Boston were! And are today. Tom and Brad! They got the contract after record execs listened to a 4 song demo, followed by a 2 song demo which included "more than a feeling" that TOM and BRAD had recorded by themselves with Tom playing EVERY instrument, which created the orchestral guitar sound and Brad layering his voice to get the multi-voices that you hear on the early albums. There was no one else, just Tom and Brad. The only other player was Jim Masdea who was used to lay drum tracks that were later duplicated by Sib for the recording of the album. By the way, Tom had to make dozens of time corrections of Sib's drum parts.At the time Barry Goudreau was a friend of Tom's who asked if Tom could use a player for what would be the TOURING band of Boston. Tom let him join and it was Barry who got Sib and Fran to join.None of these people were in the CBS contract. But Tom allowed them all to pose in the picture and collect royalties on HIS music because CBS wanted Boston to be known as a real band, not two guys recording this music in Tom's basement. Which it was. So low and behold the music you hear from the first two albums is basically two guys performing it. So before you read people's so-called reviews that spew information that is not true remember that Tom played every guitar, every bass line, every keyboard note and most of the drums and that Brad did ALL the vocals on the early music. And the promotional video of the touring band was merely a lip-sync of everything that Tom had recorded. A note, Tom and Brad still record with those same methods today.So today, over 25 years later, Tom and Brad were then and still are Boston. There is so much more to this story but this is the crux of the truth as to who Boston consisted of.As for Tom's political views and personal beliefs that's too bad if people don't like him including this information in his albums. They don't ever have to buy another Boston album. But they will so they can come back here and gripe.Bravo, Tom. You have the right as an american to say whatever you like in any forum you like. You have chosen to include this in your albums. This is not Nazi Germany. You have guaranteed freedoms. One is freedom of speech. While it lasts, anyhow. To listen to the music, play the cd. If you don't like Tom's views, don't read the liner notes. All of Tom's views are also posted on Boston's websites. I suggest that if you are this sensitive that you should stay away from those sites.Now for what this is all about in the end, it's the music.At first I wasn't too sure about this album. Tom has hired a slew of musicians that he feels he can continue to make music with. He is still recording with Brad as he always has but is now including contributions bu the other people he is now with. All in all the album isn't that bad. Sure, it isn't as catchy as the first album. But it has songs on there that can stand on their own, most assuredly. Personally, I have grown to like it. As for adding a female I wasn't sure about that either. But I saw Boston on their last tour, several times, by the way, and Kimberly is not only a fine, fine bass player and guitar player, she is absolutely gorgeous! It surely didn't hurt Boston's image to add a beautiful bass player one bit. The fans love her. And Boston these days on stage sound better than the touring Boston group from the early years. So all in all this record isn't so bad. I will rate this album a solid 2 1/2 stars. I really think anything rated 5 stars are for true classics.Tom is right now doing what he always does. He is in his studio basement yet again writing and recording what will soon be the next Boston album. I strongly suggest that anyone who likes to complain to NOT buy the new album when it comes out (I would feel just awful if you felt that you wasted your money) and let the rest of us who still enjoy Tom's music to review it instead. But if you do buy it, I'm sure Tom will appreciate your patronage.I hope this clears up any misconceptions as to who Boston are, and that the non-informed do not mislead anyone else as to who Boston are not._______________________________________________________________________Since I wrote this, as you all know, Brad has left us. Bless his family and friends. He was an amazing singer, a true talent in every sense of the word and a very giving and gentle man. One of a kind. May he rest in peace.
This is a horrible movie, a stupid excuse for a comedy. We have two guys from Ireland with thick accents who use a lot of slang. There are no subtitles, so I often had no idea what they were saying, especially when the intrusive music was blasting away. It is supposed to be a comedy, but I never thought of laughing at any of the stupid offensive scenes. They think they're making fun of gay and black and Jewish stereotypes (wink-wink), but they are really just exploiting the stereotypes, and it isn't funny. So people want and need money, and they'll get it any way they can. Not funny in this movie. Don't waste your time and money. Avoid this movie completely.
The Cure is a great band and this colleciton of tunes is fabulous. My only complaint is that "A Letter to Elise" was left out of this compilation. That was a disappointment, in general if your going to have a greatest hits, it should include more than "some" of your greatest hits.I still love it though.
Love this album! Brought the 2000 Wounded Bird version of this CD some years ago.Recently purchased this 2001 Atlantic (Remaster) Digapack version, in the case it might have improved sound quality.Brought them both into Audacity editing software to see as well as hear the sound quality.They are exactly the same. No difference.
Being unfamiliar with the writings of Deepak Chopra when I first got this book, I didn't think, judging by the size of it, that it would take me that long to read, or that I would have any trouble understanding some of the concepts that were presented to me. Boy, was I wrong. This book is so full of knowledge that you will have to read it a couple of times to get the full understanding of what the author is saying. Not that this is by any means a bad thing. I have been reading the Conversations with God series on and off for about five years now, and every time I read it I learn something new. It is quite similiar with this book. Like anything, though, you have to approach it with an open mind, otherwise the overall message of the book will be lost. Still, it provides many unique insights into what love actually is, how to attain bliss within a relationship, and several meditations that will help you achieve what the author is talking about at the present time. For instance, when talking about how the ego influences needs within a relationship, a meditation will be presented to you whose purpose is to try to chip away at the ego.Again, this book is full of information, and will probably keep you busy for a while. Learning these concepts takes a while, but once you get them, you will most likely see a change in your life, relationships, and viewpoint of what love actually is. I know I did.
This new item makes changing accessories a delight - well thought out product.
Laura...sei tornata al meglio con questi "cover" dei grandi cantautori italiani come Cocciante, Bonocuore, Baglioni, Raf.If you like italian music this is a must. With "covers" from great italian singers like Cocciante, Baglioni among others.
I have read many memoirs by people who survived the Cultural Revolution. Ye's memoir keeps you hooked into the story of her life, giving details when necessary. You get to see the Cultural Revolution through the eyes of a child - her eyes. Also wonderful is how she is not bitter about her experiences - cautious, but not bitter. It is an excellent read that you won't be able to put down.
I cannot beleive that this was made by Masterpice Theater,(who in my opion Love, and they have not dissapointment till now). Its a disgrace to Jane Austen and Fans everywhere as was the 1999 version, where do these people get thinking they can change a perfectly good story? I have read the book three times and dont understand why they must make a movie in "fast forward" mode. And another thing that just gets my goat is Fanny's Uncle is made to be a most horrible man , when in truth was a wonderful Uncle and Fanny was one of his favorites, He loved and repected her more than he did his wife and daughters, come on people get a clue and dont mess with good if you cant make it better or follow with what a billian Author made. I'm so sorry to make this so harsh but I just got it in today and cannot beleive i spent money on it.
I own many hockey books, and this book is, by far, the one I open up most often. Each picture takes you into a world of NHL hockey that has long passed away. The beautiful full-color photographs will cause you to forget that they are images of the fastest moving sport in the world. It's as if the players have posed for the camera in an attempt to recreate hidden moments of the game. The facial expressions alone will capture your eye. You'll find yourself scanning every detail of the pictures, looking for that elusive black puck (and you'll find that puck in nearly every picture). This book is a pure treasure for fans of the game of hockey, in particular those fans who remember the simple days of 6 teams, 120 players, 1 Cup.
I purchased this knife a couple of years ago for my son, who was about 9 at the time. The knife is a handsome little thing, but not for big hands. Quality is very good, and the price is a great bargain. I can't understand the bias against Taiwan made goods. I have a number of KaBar U S A made knives, and the quality is better, but this is a good, solid, knife.KaBar does a good job at quality control on all their line. When I order one, I don't have to wonder if the knife will meet my standards. If you own tools, Delta, etc., look at the label, Taiwan makes most of this stuff now. Has for twenty years. SOGS are made there, and they want WAY more $ If you have a little guy around the house, I think he would very much like this as his first 'belt' knife, mine did. Still does.k
Terry McCaleb is a retired FBI Agent. His departure from the Bureau was forced. He needed a heart transplant. Having given up any hope of being saved because of his rare blood type, he has resigned himself to dying. Then, at the last moment, a heart became available. All of this happens before &quot;Blood Work&quot; begins.Having become a minor celebrity due to a pair of newspaper articles, Terry has turned down several requests by people to solve crimes on their behalf. Then Graciella Rivers tells him he has to solve the murder of her sister, Gloria. When he asks why, she tells him that he has Gloria's heart.&quot;Blood Work&quot; provides a fascinating study into how a professional works a murder case. Picking up where the police left off, and incurring their wrath in the process, Terry develops new leads, makes use of old evidence, and soon is on the trail of Gloria's killer. However, in a strange plot twist, Terry realizes that someone killed Gloria for one of her organs, making him a prime suspect.At this point, the plot could have turned in on itself and lost its way. Other writers would have left us with a very smart Terry up against a very stupid everyone else. However, Connelly provides plot twist after plot twist until the surprise revelation of the killer's identity. Even then, he's not finished with the story or Terry's search for justice.As a former resident of Los Angeles, I enjoyed reliving visits to various places around that city. As a reader of fiction, I appreciated a well-written, intelligent thriller.
This movie made me yearn to be back coaching. I coached girls and women's volleyball for the better part of a decade. Belive In Me is about basketball, of course, but even still I could relate to his joys and frustrations on a very personal level. It's a fantastic story and a very well made film. The trials and tribulations of the coach and his players may have been specific to the time and place (1960s Midwest) to a degree, but they can easily be viewed in context with the challenges in modern youth sports. Highly recommended.
First, I am not a lawyer, but a praticing design/ contruction professional. I have used this book for years. I find it very well written and easy to use. I have loaned it to so many lawyers when thing get tight that I don't remember all of them. I highly recommend this book for anyone who has to deal with contracts and construction. When things start to go sour, its a great resource for all parties involved.
Wordcraft: New English to Old English Dictionary and ThesaurusIf you only know Shakespeare by the fact that he existed and was a play writer and you decide that you want to read one of his history plays and the history play that you pick happens to be King Henry IV part one then just reading the text alone will be extremely confusing. Barbara Hodgdon has done an amazing job editing this play and her notes are extremely helpful besides her explication of this play there are historical graphics and historical maps that will help you when reading or seeing the works of Shakespeare. This book is more than a college textbook, it is enjoyable historical reading. Craig Barr.
"Birds of East Africa" by Stevenson and Fanshawe is generally a good field guide. The layout is fairly standard, typical of most good field guides for birds.Some of the colours seemed a little off to me. The yellow wagtails I saw in Uganda were not as yellow as the plates in the guide, although I may have been seeing juveniles (not shown in the guide).The poses of the birds were mostly a little static and did not show the birds in typical habitats. The illustrations seemed mostly dead, lacking a sense of the live bird in its habitat.Usability in the field is an important design consideration, and the design of this guide could be improved. To find a bird quickly, you have to flick through a 6-page table of contents, or refer to the comprehensive (but longer) indices of both scientific and common names. Then you have to locate the right page, but the page numbers are quite small.Newman's "Birds of Southern Africa" uses a much better system. The major bird groups with reference pages are on the inside of the front cover, making for rapid location. Major groups are colour-coded, as are the corresponding pages. Page numbers are large. All these design features make Newman's mush faster and easier to use than "Birds of East Africa".Stevenson and Fanshawe have written a good guide, but it could have been so much better with more attention to usability and more vivid illustrations.
The author of this book knows firefighting apparatus. He's been taking pictures of them for years for various manufacturers and others. His book on Pumpers was great. This continues in the same tradition with dozens of beautiful pictures and an interesting history of the evolution of aerials. There si extensive coverage from 1970 to the 21st Century, as well as a brief, interesting look back to 1900. I can't wait for my copy of Hooks &amp; Ladders to arrive.
I prefer Adobe's PDF format to that crummy CBR app. PDFs are easy (to least for me) to read and set up in my own reading settings, so Spidey's set here is a MARVELous collection that displaces those old short boxes full of comics with an always- pristine collection that is easy to navigate and wonderful fun to re-read.A ton of discs, though, could've been done on one 8.5 gig DVD. Food for thought for the future. A lot of CDs are clunky. Still, a terrific way to bring classic comics into the present day! Kudos! Love it!!!
I've never given below three stars in a review. This book was worthless to me. There is no useful framework or process described. There are no helpful implementation tips. There is no help on tools to use. There are no checklists. It's all just generic information with no real context, flow, or underlying structure tying it together.About me: I'm neither an expert nor a total novice in this area. I have basic business, technical, and project management skills. If someone has *none* of these skills, maybe they'll think this book is worthwhile.
Cleopatra!Well, it's an epic, alright! It is quite simply the most gorgeous looking spectacular epic I have ever seen. And I love Lord of the Rings. LOTR of course are better movies, but for sheer spectacle of 1960s film making, Cleopatra is 'da bomb'.Probably, you've read about its troubled shoot, the Taylor/Burton scandal,the fights between directors and studios, et al. All very interesting, but what is the film actually like?Well, kind of boring. Boring but so fabulous to look at. The costumes are amazing. The sets are amazing. And HUGE. Cleopatra's visit to Rome is like some Broadway drag queen's wet dream in its over-the-top-campery. This film is worth owning, just for the visuals alone. The transfer to blu ray makes it look beautiful.Taylor is very good as Cleo, and Burton hams only a little bit, though that is arguable. Roddy McDowell waits for most of the film's entire length, before erupting into one of the most stunning pieces of overacting I have ever seen on screen. "Marc Antony is DEAD!!" he screams. "The soup is hot, the soup is cold, Marc Antony is alive Marc Antony is DEAD!!! THESE WORDS SHOULD BE HOWLED FROM THE ROOFTOPS, etc, etc," some old bollocks. Fairly risible stuff.Anyway, own it on blu ray, watch it in installments and wonder why Rex Harrison's costumes cover everything except his face and hands. Perhaps he was shy.
As with so much of his writing, here Shepard once again proves himself a poet who just happens to write in the genres of fantasy and sci-fi. That few of his stories tie up neatly just adds to their sense of a world unraveling, which seems to be a central theme of his work.Stories like A Walk in the Garden, Crocodile Rock, The Drive-In Puerto Rico, Eternity and Afterward--heck, to tell the truth, all of them--are haunting in their descriptions of their protagonists' struggles against the unknown, entropy, injustice, the dissolution of themselves, or whatever else sparks Shepard's imagination, and it is his ability to make each character real that tinges each story with a kind of sadness that reaches down into the gut and wrenches, much like the best of, say, Russell Banks' or Stewart O'Nan's work.It is his very power to move, perhaps, that caused the tempest in the teapot in Amazon's reviews about Only Partly Here, which I took as a elegy of what we all lost on that terrible day.....And for what it's worth, I couldn't care less about the rants of sensitives regarding 9/11; I was in downtown Manhattan that day, and still it seems obvious to me that to insist that writers ignore moments of historical tragedy is to disregard the power and scope of many of history's greatest works--War and Peace, All Quiet on the Western Front, Night, and many others come to mind.--And absolutely it is to distract us, potential readers, from the great and beautiful jewels of stories collected here.For my sake, I just wish Mr. Shepard wrote faster, because I love his work and can't wait for his next novel or short story collection. Easily he's one of my favorite sci-fi/fantasy writers. After reading this collection, he may become one of yours as well.
I tried to approach this mini web series with an open mind, despite what the other comments said on Amazon.com. I even watched multiple episodes, just to ensure I was getting a good sample size of the "Make a Hotgirl Laugh" series to go ahead and critique it properly.Unfortunately, the show did not impress. It fell quite short of doing so.To start, only 1 or 2 comedians put a smile on my face, whereas the vast majority made me cringe in awkwardness. I don't think my sense of humor is lacking in any way, as I am a fan of many comedians, of different types of comedy (observational, dark, imitators, one-line punch lines, etc). I think these comedians lack in skill, and you can see it through their cheesy, unwitty, and simply awkward attempts that result in fake and forced smiles from the poor "hotgirl" contestant. preSometimes, you can't even blame the comedians. The premise of the show sucks. The contestants get no more than 30 seconds to try and build up humor to make the girl laugh. 30 seconds! That's not a lot of time. If they had more time, like, say, 2 whole minutes, the web series can still be short in time, but the comedians can still put out some funny material. I do appreciate the very first episode, as the contestants did use a good short joke or two... still, this show could be SO much better if there were more than 30 seconds for each comedian.Also, the introduction of the characters tries SO hard to be funny. The show would be better if the producer didn't stick in useless words like "drunk, high, on parole, etc." beneath each contestant's name.To sum up, I'll say that while some of the hot girls played along to the really poorly thought out and awkward drama, I thought the show really lacked in substance. If you watch a few episodes yourself, you'll get a better idea of what I mean; better yet, just go and watch something else.Hope this helps. Please let me know if you have any questions/concerns in the comments section.
Robb Royer departed the group and Larry Knechtel came on board for "Baby I'm A Want You." This was Bread's first album where I didn't think of Bread so much as a collection of David Gates' songs, James Griffin's songs, or Robb Royer's songs thrown together... not that I'm complaining. The members seemed to sound more like a band to me. The tunes seemed to flow together better, the orchestrations developed more depth and flavor, and the members sing more back-up for each other.Although Gates wrote six of the twelve songs (and co-wrote on two), it seems he and Griffin were at their colaborative best on this album. "Down On my Knees," co-written by both Gates and Griffin remains one of Bread's memorable tunes to me. This album spawned four of their top 40 hits and has, I think, Griffin's best work.... "Just Like Yesterday" (my favorite James Griffin song!- a haunting, infectious ballad you can't help but sing along to) and "Dream Lady" and "Games of Magic" that he both co-wrote with Robb Royer.It's an album for the times (1971-1972) with Gates' penned tune "This Isn't What the Government" and a bit against the times with "Daughter," but still one of my favorites- even in 1972! I like this album because of the members singing together and backing each other up more. Overall, this album has a nice balance and more variance between the ballads, rockers, and in-between songs than their prior album, "Manna." It does go out with a punch- "I Don't Love You," which you either like Griffin's "throaty" singing style or you don't! "Baby I'm A Want You" is just a very good, creative, and satisifying collection of tunes.
What can I say about this film, it's fun. I love playing guitar and my brother loves the samuari and this just happens to have a bit of both. Filled with the upbeat rockabilly surf tunes of the Red Elvises, it's a neat and unique indie film that harkens back to the old days of Epic heros battling Evil Forces to save or destroy the world.Here, it's old time surf-rock battling Heavy Metal. Interestingly enough, the soundtrack provided by Brian Tyler got me hooked on playing old-tyme surf riffs on my guitar meshed with the skull-cracking sound of Heavy Metal. A friend of my saw the film and immediately put it down, only because he was a die-hard Star Wars Fanatic *rolls eyes*. I don't care much for Star Wars, I was bored stiff watching the first films and never really went to see the new-age sequels as I prefer my movies with a little more gore and guts.Anyway, this film is downright fun and I catch myself quoting the movie like I did in the title. I even snap my fingers when I have an idea much like Buddy, and plus I dig the guitar man. I've been looking high and low for a hollow body since that looks like that guitar. Even the show down with the Red Army is downright hilarious with the Red Elvis rendition of the Glen Miller classic "The Song of the Volga Boatmen". It was an amazing film with a lot heart in it and passion for the story something you won't find anywhere else. One of my favorite lines is right before the fight with the Red Army when the General shouts, " I do not like Rock 'N' Roll music. It is too loud. I like soft music, dance music. Polka?"The samurai responds, " I don't do Polka, baby."Then the argument between the general and his soldiers, " Why don't you shoot him?"The general turns and says, " Are you kidding, we haven't had bullets since '57."Again this is quite the fun film as it pokes fun at post-apocalyptic films with a charming fairy tale twist added on. Aside from my vast horror collection this one definitely deserves a spot as one my favorite indie films.
I couldn't make it through this book.While many of the historical details are fascinating, the writing in this book is appalling. It's a clumsy first-person rumination on how power corrupted a man and how he came to self-realization too late. The personal insights are repetitive and dull. This could have been a great book in the hands of a competent writer.
It took me forever to read this book. Something about the book was missing for me. The main characters were boring, I found the secondary characters would have made a better book. Then to top it off, the end of the book was ridiculous. In my opinion this book showed no imagination.
I couldn't get through the whole thing. The cast is impressive sounding but they all act as if they lost a bet. I couldn't get this disc out of my player and back to the store fast enough. Thank God, I didn't purchase it! Stay away, far away from this one.
I hope these guys never quit. Once again, they have created a cd that blew my mind. Songs 1-14 (well, Overture doesn't really count, but it's a great intro for Sinister Rouge) are all amazing. Consistently melodic, more opinionated than in the past, great lyrics, everything is solid. One of the better Bad Religion cd's I think. Everyone compares their new cd's to Suffer and No Control and talk about how it doesn't compare in intensity, urgency, etc. However, the lyrics are just as, if not more, urgent than in the past, and while the music may not be as fast, it always keeps a good solid pace. And people have to realize that Bad Religion also had slow songs on their old cd's, such as "Sanity" on No Control, and "Faith Alone" on Against the Grain. It did happen. And slower doesn't necessarily mean bad. Of course, I am in the minority when I say that No Substance and The New America are just as great as their other cd's. I don't mind seeing a band mature. Great work, thank you for continuing to be the greatest band on earth.
I don't like premade soups or powdered soups, but I found this at a local store on sale and I needed emergency food for the pantry. Running low on time this evening, I pulled this out of the pantry and hoped for the best.This soup was wonderful, beyond belief. I was stunned. Everyone loved it. Even my S.O. who hates peas, slurped down a large bowl of this stuff.After you get the water boiling, it only takes 15 minutes. The soup is thick and rich with an awesome sicilian flavor. This stuff tastes better than my homemade pea soup that I slave over.We enjoyed it so much, I'm now ordering a bunch from Amazon. Even the grocery store sale price isn't as good as the Amazon price. I'm thrilled to see it here.
I ran across this CD on Amazon.com and could not order it fast enough especially after reading the reviews. While listening to Karen's voice again on the "new" songs, there were a couple of brief flashes that it truly was "yesterday once more"- that she hasn't left us at all, that Richard is still creating new songs and arrangements, and Karen is still singing them.8 of the 15 songs were taken from various Carpenters' TV specials and television appearances. I assume some of the critical reviewers who feel these "TV tunes" don't work 100% for them probably didn't see the TV specials (which I can remember in my mind while listening to them). These songs and arrangements also had a visual intent to them as they were not created to be "studio songs." Example; "Dizzy Fingers," which I remember had Richard in tux bouncing from about 4 or 5 pianos to create this piece. It's a shame, especially since this past February was the 20th anniversary of Karen's passing, that ABC-TV didn't think to do a composite of the Carpenters TV specials for the long-time fans and newer fans to see and/or appreciate again.My two preferred songs on the album are the two "demo" songs of two of the Carpenters' contemporaries, The Mammas & the Pappas ("California Dreamin' ") and The Beatles ("Nowhere Man"). Richard and Karen's slower ballad version of The Beatles' "Nowhere Man" alone makes the purchase of this CD worth it. Both of these songs were cut in Joe Osborn's studio garage with his record label "Magic Lamp." Even at her young age, Karen's voice was simply incredible and Richard's talent of arrangement (especially with the strings) in "Nowhere Man" is mesmorizing. I find myself playing this tune over and over again. "Nowhere Man" makes me think of the duo's ballad version of "Ticket To Ride." A wonderful Carpenter project would have been an album of Richard and Karen taking a selection of Beatles' songs and putting the "Carpenters brand" on them. I can only say it would been a creative and satisifying project.If, as Richard states in the booklet, the rest of these 4-track tapes were destroyed in a fire in Joe Osborn's house in 1974, the fans have lost a lot more of Richard's incredible arrangements and Karen's one-of-a-kind voice. Thank you, Richard, at least for these "snipets." As a long-time Carpenters' fan of BOTH you and Karen, this CD truly again makes me wonder in awe and appreciation of the contribution the two of you made to music together.This is a CD definitely worthy of the Carpenters' legacy. Carpenters fans- you will NOT be disappointed with this collection of songs!
While this story was interesting in its own way, I really did have to force myself to finish it. When I was done I didn't feel as though I had enjoyed myself at all.The structure and language of this novel was the only thing that kept me going. I wanted to find out how the author was going to solve the problem of locating the key.If I had a chance to do it over again, I wouldn't read it.
The utter absurdity of the premise - cows that type? - led me to flip through this book, and then to purchase it. My 2 1/2 year old loves it, and appreciates the whimsy and incongruity of the plot: Farmer Brown's cows find a typewriter and type out a demand letter for electric blankets, leading to a comical negotiation to end a milk strike. The illustrations are charming and funny (I especially love the expressions on the cows' faces as they wait for Farmer Brown to respond to their notes), and the droll text is just simple enough, with just enough repetition, to keep the younger set hooked. As a lawyer, I got a kick out of the &quot;dispute resolution&quot; - sadly, many of my colleagues don't negotiate half as well as the bovines in this book.
this book is one of the most romanitic books i've read. i love this book. it is a turly romanitic story between a Women with alot of Pride and a man with both Pride and prejudice.
I recall this series from when I was a kid. Buying this alone for the sentimental value is well worth the buck. However, Tales from the Darkside was one of the best horror TV shows ever. In my opinion it was wedged right between the Tales from the Crypt and Friday the 13 TV series. This collection has many dark but humorous favorites but my all time favorite was "Trick or Treat," which I believe was created by George A. Romero.If you have never seen this series, do yourself a favor, buy it now! You have writers such as George A. Romero, Robert Bloch, Stephen King, and many other fine talents in this collection. If your a horror buff like myself you will treasure this warped series for the rest of your life.Episodes are:Trick or TreatThe New ManI'll Give You a MillionPain KillerThe OddsMookie and PookieSlippageInside the ClosetThe Word Processor of the GodsA Case of the SutbbornsDjinn, No ChaserAll a Clone by the TelephoneIn the CardsAnniversary DinnerSnip, SnipAnswer MeThe Tear CollectorThe Madness RoomIf the Shoes Fit...LevitationIt All Comes Out in the WashBigalow's Last SmokeGrandma's Last WishThe False Prophet
I love my T3- my stylist at my salon uses it and I would always go home with the great salon feeling hair. He told me the best money spent would be on the T3 Evolution and I could have that same feel at home. It seems like a lot of money, but if you invest in monthly hair color- this hair dryer closes the hair cuticle and gives you less fade. It's a small investment for great hair!
This is a great 2-DVD set. It contains lots of interesting personal accounts from well-known celebrities. My husband and I really enjoyed it. Wish there were more!
So anyways, I picked this book up thinking it would be an interesting tale about the future and totalitarianism. While it was about that, I found it difficult to find a plot. Aldous Huxley kind of rambles for a hundred pages, and then he introduces what then becomes the main character, Mr. Savage. He then quickly wraps it up in a crazy crazy way that was not at all what I expected it to be like. Normally surprises are good, but this was one of the crappiest books I have ever read, good night.
Simply put, Florence King is one of two people that I consider the best American essayists and writers of our modern era. Her writing has always been concise - Reflections in a Jaundiced Eye shows that talent in its highest art form.From her chapter on writing a romance novel to her chapter on John Updike, King nails her points to the door of thought and reason and lays it all out for everyone to read. While some of the material is dated (you had to live through the Reagan era to see the brilliance of her take on his style of communication) it is well worth diving into.King is a true Conservative. However, unlike people today who run around and scream that they are conservatives (case intentional) and base their conservatism on type of Medieval thinking that pushed monks up into monasteries to protect knowledge, King embraces learning, in herself and she expects it of her readers. If you are going to read King and get what she is saying, you the reader will need to be prepared to think for self.The simple truth is that King has never received the type of critical acclaim that she has deserved. Had she, "Florence King" would be a household name, and she deserves that place in our collective minds.
1. Intro2. The Message - (5/5) - Whoa deep song. Great3. Street Dreams - (4.5/5) - Pretty good song about the streets4. I Gave Your Power - (5/5) - Nas's most creative song next to Rewind to me. Probably one of the best songs metaphorically where he tells the story from a gun's perspective5. Watch Dem Ni**az (feat. Foxy Brown) - (5/5) - Talking about watching people you think are your friends and team members6. Take It In Blood - (5/5) - Great beat. Love this song7. Nas Is Coming - (4.5/5) - Starts with Nas and Dre talking about the westcoast/eastcoast war and how its getting old and played out8. Affirmative Action (feat. AZ, Cormega and Foxy Brown) - (5/5) - Favorite song on the CD. Everyone spits fire, even Foxy and this is probably her best verse ive ever heard from her9. The Set Up - (5/5) - I think Prodigy is on the hook. Great story about a cat trying to set Nas up10. Black Girl Lost - (4/5) - About his ex Carmen. Its an ok song11. Suspect - (5/5) - Great song about suspect witness keeping their mouth shut or watch yourself12. Shootouts - (4/5) - I had to get used to the beat for a song called Shootout lol. Its pretty good13. Live Ni**a Rap (feat. Mobb Deep) - (4/5) - Worse song on the CD to me but its not a bad song. Some good stuff14. If I Ruled The World (feat. Lauryn Hill) - (5/5) - Great way to end the CD
Not quite as good as the Sixth Sense, but with just as big a payoff, this movie is fantastic!If you love(d) comic books you will LOVE this movie.
I bought this as a used book, there is page damage on one page but otherwise the text was readable and complete. Kittel's text is an important stage in the evolution of scholarly revision of the Torah 'Masoretic Text'. And to anyone studying the nuance of the textual corpus of the Hebrew Torah this is a stepping stone very necessary in the progress of one's path in textual comparative studies. Highly recommended.
Titan is certainly better than its prequel "Saturn" in which we were treated to the political maneuvering aboard a space colony of 10000 people on its way out to Saturn. This one was more like an extremely tedious soap opera than a science fiction novel.Titan is a bit but not a lot better. The space colony has now reached Saturn and the scientists on board send a sophisticated probe to explore Titan which immediately falls silent. In the meantime one of the scientists wants to go out to the rings of Saturn to confirm the discovery of life in the ring particles but this is extremely dangerous. Why you wouldn't just send an unmanned probe out there I don't know as we are after all talking about the year 2095! Eberly, the administrator of the colony, wants to mine ice from the rings to act as a source of income for the colony but this wouldn't be allowed on environmental grounds if there was life. It therefore becomes a race to verify the life finding while Holly, the main heroine, runs against Eberly in an election for the administrator position on a platform of removing the zero population growth restriction in the colony.The main reason that this novel is an improvement on Saturn is that there is a bit of tension introduced as we try and understand what's happened to the probe and there is also some reasonable science. It's mainly typical Bova stuff though with the usual unbelievable characters having their teenage romantic interactions and the resolution of the dangling threads in the story at the end is pretty lame(hey if we can't mine the rings why don't we just mine passing comets?). I don't know if Mr Bova has ever met any scientists but the scientists I know do not behave the way they do in this book.Not bad as a comic book story but it doesn't meet my standards as a good science fiction novel. Writers like Alastair Reynolds and Peter Hamilton do this sort of thing much better.
I could find nothing intersting in this movie.Takes place in a sleeze bag motel wow!!! this is not worth the time of day.Save your money go unto the next.
This movie started with a bang (no lag time between intro's and the action/drama), and it clipped right along (no slow parts). It was suspenseful and exciting. The acting was genuine. The effects were good.The problem was the foul language, especially taking God's name in vain. The name of God and Jesus Christ were used as slang or in cursing many times. I excepted some swearing/profanity, but not to this extent.It's ironic that the movie shows the president and his immediate advisors going to a catholic church multiple times. They need God's help, but they repeatedly curse the very God that can help them. In fact, they really don't want God's help...church is only a facade or tradition...they don't know God, although they may claim to. Read 2 Timothy 3:1-5, and notice verse 5.At the end of the movie, while admiring a sunrise after the crisis is adverted, Costner's character says "Every day the sun comes up says something about us". THAT'S WRONG. This life is not about us...it is about GOD. Every day the sun comes up says something about GOD and HIS MERCY. "It is of the LORD'S mercies that we are not consumed, because his compassions fail not. They are new every morning: great is thy faithfulness." (Lamentations 3:22-23) Also read Genesis 8:21-22.This movie glorifies mankind and their weapons of war. It does not glorify God.
Another great album from this instrumental power trio. I have listened to it over and over again because I just love the bass lines and bass tone on tracks 2 and 3. Jonas has that nice, crispy high end active electronics, yet the low end remains warm and round. He sure that sweet EBS made rig dialed in for him, not to mention that he is just an amazing player, and as we know tone comes from the player.If you're a bass player like I am, then this CD will end up costing you a lot of money because you will want to chase his bass tone. I had a custom bass built for me with the hopes of getting close to his Status Graphite tone.
The tracklist of this album is as follows:Disc 1:1. Eldorado2. Hagia Sophia3. Fishes in the Sky4. What's That On Your Shoulder5. Champian6. (That's You) On the Floor7. And Then They Cloned My Dog8. Tati Gibi!9. Better Not to Have No Problems10. Robot War's On11. From Desert to Desert12. I Scare You With My Rhythm Box13. If There Was No Gravity (Stereo Total's Version)14. Mind Trip RMX Single Edit15. Space Brothers RMX Single EditDisc 2 [Limited Edition Disc]1. Nothing to Fear2. Everywhere3. Life on Early Earth4. Let the Sun Shine in Your Pants5. And Endless Tragedy6. This Is Your Life Calling7. Ha-Yo8. Search for Truth9. Boy Story10. Stadt aus Glas11. Devil's Bluff12. Ruler of the Universe13. Last Transmission to MIR14. Hospital Mind15. EpilogueThis is a very strong release from Air Liquide, whose experimental and consistently intelligent approach to electronic music is a breath of fresh air in a genre populated with formulaic, predictable dance music.I've got a lot of respect for this band, as you never know exactly what to expect from them. At any given point in their music you can hear elements of techno, dub, industrial, downtempo ambience, house and a half dozen other influences expertly brought together into a complex and multilayered mix. Sometimes cold and abstract, other times danceable, tripped-out or beautifully mellow, a good Air Liquide album is a sonic sampler that can take you on a wide-ranging journey to many different destinations."X" is a good example, as it starts quite mellow & downtempo, takes a left turn into the bizarre post-rave utopia of "Fishes in the Sky" (lyric: "Everything is beautiful/Everything I see/All the fishes in the sky/And flowers in the sea"), follows it up with the sinister dub of "What's that on Your Shoulder," veers into the off-kilter club scene of "That's You on the Floor," then heads into some excellent dark sci-fi territory with "Robot War's On," "Desert to Desert" and the best-titled song of the disc: "I Scare You With My Rhythm Box." The whole thing wraps up with a pair of infectious dance-remixes of two of their best singles: "Mind Trip" and "Space Brothers" (the last track is worth the price of the disc alone).For the completists out there, there is a limited edition of this album with a bonus disc of material. Disc 2 isn't bad, but it's not exactly essential; it sounds more like B-sides and album outtakes that weren't quite strong enough to be included on the proper album. It's generous at 15 tracks, but the best stuff is concentrated on Disc 1. So don't fret too much if you can't find the limited edition.By the way, Amazon.com has a version of this disc where they describe it as a progressive metal disc and give an incorrect track list of 12 songs; clearly this is mistaken, as Air Liquide is a German duo that has always been an electronic act. "X" is some adventurous music and I would highly recommend it if you are lucky enough to find a copy.
This book is just a collection of cribbed inspirational speeches you could find from any coach before a high school sports event or from a support group therapy pamphlet. It's full of banal platitudes and generic rah-rah that doesn't show or tell you how to manage transitions in the personal and professional world.A poor read, indeed.
Author Martin Booth has created an instant classic with this nvoel that features a former assassin/hitmen trying to live out a quiet retirement in a small Italian village. His only connnection to this past life is the occasional assignement that finds him building weapons for the highest bidder.This premise was enough tto spurn a film version --- the soon to be release "The American" starring George Clooney. However, those readers who expect a Jason Bourn-type thriller will be in for a rude awakening.Booth exercises incredible restraint in his use of language and descriptions --- while all the time taking you deep inside the mind of the character local villagers have dubbed Mr. Butterfly or Farfalla. We see first-hand what this character experieces as he is all alone with his own past and the unclear vision of his future. He finds love for the first time, debates with the local Priest and spends time at various cafes and shops interacting with his neighbors.All is going along fine until his last assignment, building a gun for a hit-man, brings certain individuals into his life that may not let him exit quietly into retirement. There is enough tension built up around this evenly paced novel that you do not need car chases or explosions to generate the action. I can only hope the film verion can capture the subtle beauty of this masterful work.
After crashing two hard disks the same day for no reason, I lost all my confidence in this company. The sad part I lost my back up of huge file cache. All my MP3s, pictures, documents, legal docs etc.I bought seagate and Fantom drives. I am happy now.
It is what it says it is. Really works. Chases cats off. Highly recommended! Very simple to set up. Easy access to battery.
Ok, admittedly - I'm not a vegan. But I play one on TV..... Seriously, I've omitted meat from my diet, but not dairy products. I bought this book because the reviews were good and I wanted to expand my meatless horizons.I just got the book and have been perusing it at my leisure. What is keeping me from giving the book 5 stars is that it seems to me that you need a great number of ingredients to make any one recipe. I am going to have to add at least 6-8 new spices to my cupboard to come close to having enough to experiment. Since the other reviews were great, I am going to give the author the benefit of the doubt that the ingredient selections are as such to create depth of flavor.I'll revise this review once I get my pantry up to standard.
This cream feels good and not overwhelming by way of scent or heaviness of a face cream. Hasnt made me break out eitheir. Feels so good youll want it all over your body!
I've read Swan Song many times over the years and urge readers to grab this book. You will read it again in a few years. This was my first McCammon book. With his vast imagination, the world is blown to hell and nuclear fallout is everywhere. Small groups of fascinating characters are drawn to a little girl with a crucial power to bring the earth back. Meanwhile, an evil is searching to crush that power. This is not science fiction but adventure and a deep story of good vs evil. Each character is rich in personality and their interaction is so well written. This is one of the most moving, exciting books written.
When I first heard this album, it blew my mind. And I'm still mad as hell that Cannibal Ox canceled their Baltimore show and then broke up. Now I'll never get to see them.Cannibal Ox's "The Cold Vein" is the single best album yet released by Def Jux and El-P. The album is so dense that when I was first listening to it, I had to go back and do it again twice: once for the beats and once for the lyrics. You really cannot do either proper justice until you have broken them apart. El-P's work shines with its lumbering, old skool sci-fi beats (like MF Doom, sci-fi and comic books figure prominently both in the samples and in the lyrics). Vast Aire and Vorgul Megala's MCing is an equal partner in the work, although Aire is the stronger of the two MCs.Pay particular attention to tracks #1, 4, 5, 6, 10 and 11. Those are my favorites.If you count yourself a serious hip hop fan, your collection is sadly lacking if you do not have this CD.
I'm not going to claim that I have seen the original, nor remember reading the boring novel in literature class, but I did see this DVD. This movie is exceptional, stylish, and captivating. Ethan Hawke is brilliant, as the son of a poor handyman, who falls hard for the daughter of a bitter, old wealthy widow(played exceptionally by Anne Bankroft). The real show-stealer is Gwyneth Palthrow, the object of Hawke's affections, as an iceberg princess, incapable of love or emotion. This film shows that no matter what success we achieve in life, it is all hollow without the affections of those we care about most.
As I haven't really used the pad yet, it is difficult to fully assess its quality. It seems well made, but I wish it wasn't a dark navy color. I am worried about the color bleeding, and I don't care for the color itself. It is generally easier to know that you have fully cleaned a product.
It's all been pretty much said by the other reviewers but I couldn't resist adding some comments. I was awed at Astral Weeks and I felt immense admiration for the albums Van made just after that. But when I first heard Veedon Fleece I honestly thought that - at long last - this was the real second album by the man who made Astral Weeks.There is much in common between Weeks and Veedon - the subdued (for some obviously too subdued) tone, the acoustic (though not always folksy) instrumentation, the mixing of different styles to the point where it's practically impossible to classify the tracks, and - above all else - a deep sense of pain that is all the more intense for being indefinable.For me Veedon Fleece is actually the sadder of the two. Astral Weeks sounds like a young man caught in the confusion of adolescence. At least he has most of his life still ahead. But Veedon Fleece, although Van was still pretty young at the time, has an autumnal feel.Van has always hated people reading their own meanings into his music and he would probably hate me saying this. But this is how the album strikes me:- The singer is living in a rural paradise and yet he feels alienated from his surroundings by a feeling of unease or even guilt. And the vast gap between the external beauty and his inner anguish only serves to exacerbate that anguish. The songs seem to trace an emotional progression where he is struggling to overcome his pain. There is a sense that he is trying to gain control. The crucial track "You Don't Pull No Punches But You Don't Push the River" represents a turning point. The songs after that represent a gradual calming until "Come Here My Love" in which there seems to be complete serenity but there is still the feeling of an inner disquiet - it is like a deep pool that seems still but still occasionally ripples. And then "Country Fair" -for me the most beautiful song Van ever wrote - conveys an almost unbearable nostalgia. (And this track has one of the most spine tingling moments in all Van - as he sings "On that old pine cone open day" towards the end, there is a weird, eerie barely audible sighing sound in the background. It may be strings, it may be distant voices.)I can think of no other album - by Van or anyone else - that leaves me with such a sense of (and I'm afraid there's no avoiding this corny word) heartbreak.It would be unfair to say I'm still waiting for his third real album. Two such albums are enough for any life time.
There's not much to say other than this stand is exactly as described. I will note that it is sturdy, looking at it I was wondering if it would wobble at all when doing activities on the desk. It doesn't.
My granddaughter, age 2, was very pleased with her backpack and uses it every day when she goes to daycare. The size is perfect for her (13") and, of course, incorporates one of her favorite fictional characters into the design.The product was of high quality and will last until she gets too tall for it.I commend Amazon and the seller for getting the backpack to me within 18 hours, since I needed it for her birthday party the next day.Jo Burnette
With this book, Hill almost gets back to a "normal" Dalziel and Pascoe mystery. Thank goodness.Hill returns with an engaging plot that focuses on police work rather than family members! Enough of plots with Ellie Pascoe. The reader's interest is further piqued by Dalziel's fascination and history with a possible suspect. I will say the situation that brought about Dalziel's devotion to Kay Kafka is a bit farfetched in my opinion, and I felt bringing in a character from a book much earlier in the series as part of that situation was rather weak. However, the plot was really enhanced by Pascoe's having to tiptoe around Dalziel for a quite awhile to do his job thoroughly.I enjoyed the characters once again in this book. It was a pleasure to have the police officers interacting to solve a crime rather than having a lot of home life interaction. The Pascoes are tiresome at home together, and Wieldy and Edwin are annoying together. I enjoy the competition between Novello and Hat as young officers trying to outdo each other for Dalziel's approval and for promotion opportunities.Hill's writing can be exquisite and also overblown. His vocabulary is beyond most of his readers--and I am talking about his using really rarely used words. I don't see the need for that and feel it is actually a failing on Hill's part. The overwhelming literary aspects remain, which I think detract from Hill's books. I refuse to believe the Pascoe is the intellectual he is presented to be. He seems to be Hill's vessel to show Hill's own literary and intellectual side.I also feel like the opening and closing sections of the book were not necessary and took away from the book.While I make these negative comments, I do find this book to be on the right road again, and I enjoyed it and read it quickly because I was very involved in it.
Disappointing in so many ways. Too fast-paced for the length of the movie. Characters weren't memorable or even well-developed - Tiana is a FROG for 80% of the movie, for crying out loud! Plot is too complicated, humor is forced and slightly awkward. Disney movies (good ones anyway) always have certain sparkle that makes them enjoyable for people of all ages. This movie DID NOT have it. It pales in comparison to Cinderella, Beauty and the Beast, Pocahontas, Aladdin, everything. I had hoped for the Princess and the Frog to at least match the classics in terms of music and storyline. Sorry Disney, it didn't work for me.Here's where I think it went wrong. 1)The producers tried way too hard to cater to the black community. Anticipating the premiere, I read all the articles about how Disney revised and revised Tiana's name, appearance, and occupation. Relax! The story matters way more than the texture of Tiana's hair! I'm black and that doesn't even concern me. 2)Poor choice of fairy tale. The princess and the frog is literally a two-sentence long story! The producers were forced to add that dumb twist about the spell not working - sorry excuse for a storyline! 3)Way too much time spent on scenery and special effects, not enough on music and plot. Right now I can't even remember what the story is even about, let alone recall one song.It's not like Disney lost its magic touch. Mulan and Aladdin are fairly recent films, and I love both. Tangled, made in 2010, is a beautiful, hilarious film that actually deserves to be mentioned along with the other classics. It was even made Pixar-style. Yes, Disney still has the potential to create modern classics. It's just that when race gets tangled into the mix (we all know Walt Disney was an unashamed racist) everyone gets uncomfortable. Truthfully, I'd trade a black princess for worthwhile entertainment.
With the onslaught of "experts" and childrearing theories, it seems fewer feel comfortable to raise their children just using personal common sense. I am the mother of two little ones and I am getting so tired of hearing my friends discuss what so-and-so expert said as though it is the Bible.When I read this book, it was like breathing fresh air. Yes. I am normal. Yes. I can raise my children using my own God-given sense and intuition. No, I do not have to consult with the current popular expert on whether my method passes muster.I especially appreciated Betsy Hart's discussion of spanking as that is the most hot-button parenting topic out there.This book will give parents a sense of direction and puts the power in their courts, rather than taking the power and putting it in the hands of the "expert".
How do you explain this book? It's sooooooo touching, moving, sad, happy, funny, you name it, this book has it. I loved every character in this book. I can't wait to read Dallas and Austin's books. Even though this is the first book from Lorraine Heath I have read, I am an instant fan!FYI: My 13-year-old daughter loves to read historical romance books but I have to read them first to determine whether or not she can read them (because of their sexual content), well I handed this book to her without ANY WORRY WHATSOEVER. (And I still rate it a 5:)
First, let me say I am a newbie to kettlebell work and far from an expert on this subject. This DVD appears to have been designed for pregnant women who wish to keep training, but is probably not meant for a pregnant woman looking to start a new exercise regime. I am not pregnant, but I am not in fantastic athletic shape either, so I purchased this hoping it would challenge me, but not be so killer that I would give up in frustration. This routine is less intense than Lauren's first DVD, or Sarah Lurie's Iron Core I, which are my only other kettlebell DVDs. However, I am not saying that this work out is easy - Lauren is about 6 1/2 months pregnant and still puts me to shame. The DVD is chaptered and includes a joint mobility/warm-up, three workout sections and a cool-down stretch; if you do all of them together, it clocks in around 40 minutes. It is just Lauren, no background exercisers, and she takes you through two sets of various kettlebell and body weight moves in each of the three sections. For many moves, she shows modifications via picture in picture in the corner. She alternates between three different weight kettlebells depending on what move she is doing (but never uses more than one kettlebell at a time). I only own an 18# bell, so I just use that, except I use an 8# dumbbell to do halos for now. She does 2-handed swings, overhead swings, sumo squats, push-ups, lunges, triceps extensions and a lot of other moves I can't remember off the top of my head. If you need form pointers to learn the moves, you should check out Lauren's other DVD (or, ideally, meet personally with an RKC trainer). The music is soft & relaxing; Lauren's demeanor is calm & serious; the production values are very good. I am really enjoying this DVD. There is no dread factor for me and the slower pace allows me to focus on my form, rather than feeling I have to race to keep up and then getting discouraged. I am very happy with my purchase!
Most of this CD is pretty solid, minus just 1 or 2 clunkers. Youth of the Nation, Satellite, Set It Off and Anything Right were all great, but I just didnt understand the point of Without Jah Nothin. So theres 1 or 2 no gooders, but get the CD anyway because it is pretty good, especially for Christian which im not normally really into.
It's awful. Like others I have used the old versions just fine. They die, eventually, but not until giving you your moneys worth (I suppose). My husband picked this one up to replace our other one and what a waste of $100. Seriously.Ours won't pick up the waste. I was surmising that it was because I have a very large young-ish cat. He isn't fat, he is a HUGE boned cat at 20 lbs. I figured his waste was heavier and too much for the motor to handle. But I can't imagine that everyone who has posted here has a cat the same size. So maybe my theory is out the window.I have tried lots of litter, small amount of litter, in between amount. I am hoping to get a warranty refund since it has only been 2 months... but I am not sure that will pan out. And frankly, I don't think I will fork out another $100 for one of the old models. It was nice, but not *all that*.At least the last 2 months have reminded me that scooping the litter box regularly isn't that bad.
I guess I expected a real Buck knife now made in their plant in Idaho. Instead, I received a Chinese version which gets dull very quickly. The price was cheap, so ultimately "I got what I paid for"....
This is a six-part BBC series about the unlikely relationship that develops between a gay man and a straight woman. It is top notch in all areas and you will be hooked from the first episode. I watched the whole series without a break! A well-written script, perfect casting, and sensitive performances and direction make this an absolute winner from start to finish. This is one not to miss!
Like everyone else, I got my hands on this book as soon as I could. I read it over the weekend...all 870 pages of it. The book itself is a little different from the rest, a little darker and more mature. But of course, Harry is older, so why shouldn't it be? Througout the novel, Harry always seems angry and misunderstood, much like teenagers. Reading it, the reader feels just as overwhelmed as Harry with all the problems he is dealing with. When I say dark, I don't mean never a happy moment, always trouble, never a light at the end of the tunnel. Its darker compared to books 1-3. Trouble starts from the begining, the first week of the term takes up about 1/3 of the book. I wouldn't say it is much darker than book 4, but the ending seems as though Rowling left herself alot of room to make it darker. People should have been expecting it though, Voldemort is back...expecting a bright and happy novel is just...Anyway, don't let the length deter you, you will speed through it as though it were only 80 pages. Rowling's words are rich and descriptive, as so many of us have experienced with the previous book. To sum it up: Awesome book...perhaps my favorite.
This classic recording from 1972 is my favorite of the Rachmaninov 2nd symphony, better in my opinion than more recent ones by Mariss Jansons (EMI) and Mikhail Pletnev (DG). Previn's Rachmaninov symphony cycle with the LSO was a landmark achievement, and the 2nd is the best of them. It's a passionate, heart-on-sleeves performance of total commitment. And what a slow movement! I doubt the clarinet solo has ever sounded lovelier. EMI's choices for &quot;Great Recordings of the Century&quot; have not been uniformly wise, but this one is right-on. This (third) digital remastering has restored the gloriously warm and rich sound of the original; in terms of sound quality the Previn is fully competitive with Jansons and Pletnev, and the performance beats them both. At mid-price, don't hesitate.
I love this book. I have read many drug books in the past and trust me that none were quite like this. This book takes a different perspective on drugs and what I also really like about the book is that it doesn't have a fairy tale ending. What I abosolutely LOVE about the book is the poetry and the way a poem can say one thing and then it also says something else.
I walk down the street, clutching my paper bag. Inside, Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz, and a pack of smokes. It's cold and the wind bites my cheek like a hungry rat. I pull my collar higher and slit my eyes as the banshee tugs at my coat.Something pink in the gutter. Metal, twisted. A child's lunchbox. Barbie perhaps. Flattened by traffic, the indifferent tires of the city bus or the gaudy spinners on some drug thug's Escalade. Once upon a time this was the pride and joy of some little girl. Now, discarded, like this city. This city which was once the symbol of our industrial might. Discarded like the union cards of retirees as they watch their benefits shrivel and their 401k's evaporate. Ignored like the leaves which blow into burnt out shells of once majestic houses, to rot in dank corners as the timbers lean and mortar crumbles.Michigan Avenue. Four lanes each way but not a car or person in sight. It's dark now and the punks rule the streets. Good people still live here but trying to keep the gang bangers, meth heads and crack fiends out is like holding back the tide with a torn raincoat and a pair of rubber gloves. No one around, no witnesses. They can sneak up behind you, kick you down, steal your wallet and even give you a tattoo with their dirty Air Jordans before anyone comes along to shoo them off. They smell fear with the instinct of hyenas.Life has changed for me ever since I started drinking Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz. No more apprehension, even though my limp, a souvenir from 'Nam, gives me away with each step I take. No more hiding like a cockroach.I heft the Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz in my hand. The weight feels good. My combination lucky rabbits foot and brass knuckles. Drunk from a tall cold glass, it can be a honeyed elixir giving strength to your weary bones and adding resolve to your spirit. Swung properly, with enough momentum as you pivot on your opposing foot, it can break your opponent's nose like a toothpick. At least my 3 years in the jungle were good for something.Dark now. Shadows behind me. From the corner of my eye I count two of them. Punks. They swarm the weak like maggots on putrid meat. They've got something extra coming tonight.I tighten my grip on the Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz, slow my walk and smile to myself.
Iam normally a fan of Vidna Obmana especially with Steve Roach. This Cd is a big disapointment. It is incoherent, and actually grating to the nerves to the point that I was skipping tracks..there are several OK tracks, but most are nothing more than processed noise.. Dont waste your money on this one.
Liz Taylor went through a period of her career when she made atrocious movies, and this one of them. It is about a crazy woman who is apparently going to a sanitorium-spa after yet-another nervous breakdown. She is traveling through Italy, but there is terrorism everywhere. We get a lot of flashbacks, which confuse more than elucidate. Andy Warhol makes some appearances, and he is just too creepy. Liz screams in that nasal fishwife way of hers. She thinks every man wants to have sex with her. The ending was supposed to be some kind of shocking explanation, but I was hoping it might come 45 minutes earlier than it did. If you are exploring the complete canon of La Liz's opus, save this one for last because you will hate it...and her. The DVD version I got had horribly bleached-out colors and was often unwatchable. Do not waste your time and money on this one.
I thought I knew what to expect but there were some lovely unexpected moments.The ending was foreordained, of course, but it completed the story.
saw the movie myself but bought it for one of my daughter's they watch it often and love it
I've been following this band for almost ten years and it's been nothing but pure joy to watch them evolve into something better and better with each release. As The Reasons Die is Bella Morte's fourth LP release and it's probably their most dynamic yet. I knew I was in for some fun by the time the first track hit the speakers. As always there songs are both moving and a pure adrenaline rush. The first track I got addicted to was track 2 which is titled 'Undone'. It's a slower groove piece of work.. some deep bass.. a nice layered effect throughout the song and some of Andy's best vocals ever in my opinion. Then there's track ten which is titled 'A Time Before' which is an instrumental piece. It's so hauntingly beautiful that I find myself drifting off as I listen to it.. but not drifing off into sleepy sleepy land but I just want to close my eyes and let it sink in even more. There are so many things blended into this album that I just get lost trying to describe it in words. 'Many Miles' is another one of those songs that I just want to sit back and enjoy.. and then there's 'Beneath' and 'Last Days' which best be played in the clubs. And you have to hear the hooks in 'Last Days'. It's got some sweet ass hooks that just rawk. Then there's 'Forever Gray' which just storms on through.. very catchy powerful song. Which is one thing I noticed about As the Reasons Die.. I'm noticing the guitar more on this album then previous albums but maybe I'm hallucinating. But I'm not going to sit here and describe every single track on this album. I would prefer to just kick back and listen to it. So I'll put it this way. If you liked Bella Morte's earlier material you will cherish this album. If you weren't that fond of Bella Morte before you should check this out because this is something new and if you have never heard Bella Morte yet you are totally missing out on some good stuff. This album is dark, passionate, energetic, it's got a groove and some sweet hooks, deep bass and killer vox. And every song has it's own life.. this isn't 40 minutes of repetition..
This is my second favorite Potak novel. My favorite is "The Gift of Asher Lev".I had a slow time starting this story, but it didn't take long for me to be drawn into the setting and the story and the characters. Soon I was living inside this novel -- watching every scene with rapt attention.Potok has a way of making me not only think, but to feel deeply. This is one of his most intuitive novels, so I was able to feel this story to the innermost part of my bones.
This book is the Bible of Wing Tsun. Out of all martial arts books I've read, NOTHING has compared to this book. It is very well written, and you get more than your worth for the price. If you practice Wing Tsun or Wing Chun, get this book. You can learn alot off it providing you know the art.
I WATCHED THIS TWICE NOW AND GET THE SAME FEELINGS. IT IS A GOOD MOVIE COULD WIN SOME AWARDS. IT IS THE TYPE DRAMA IT IS A LITTLE SLOW FOR MY TASTE BUT ALL IN ALL PRETTY GOOD. jOHN HAWKES PLAYS A GREAT PERFORMANCE HE COULD WIN SUPPORTING ACTER!I WOULD SAY IT IS A MUST SEE.
I bought this trimmer because I got tired of gasoline/oil mix trimmers that stopped working after about a year. They are also heavier.This is a nice little unit with 2 batteries (which I need for my yard). This unit does the job for light trimming and edging. It edges nicely with the little wire guide that you flip down when edging. All in all a good bargain priced cordless trimmer with adequate battery power for the average yard. It won't cut through any thick weeds or grass because it's just not powerful enough. It also has only 1 string but the automatic feed works great (no bumping). Charging takes about 10 hours for each battery.I'd recommend it.
I had a chess set that was similar to this back in 2002, which was ten years ago as of writing this. I bought it at Toys "R" Us, in Middle Village, Queens, NYC, NY. I think it cost somewhere around $12 or so. It came with chess pieces and checker pieces - I think the makers were Hasbro, can't be certain though. I threw away the checker pieces, never even used them, as I solely bought it just to play chess. I loved it very much. It was stolen during a robbery - no, it wasn't just the chess set that was taken, many other things were taken as well.While I gather this is suppose to be an "upgrade" (it has a lock, and it has bands to hold the pieces inside the board), I still liked my simpler set better. It looks exactly as shown. It is made of wood, the board looks like it will hold up to frequent usage. The bands inside to hold the pieces don't look as durable, and the felt cloth that is glued down to the inside of the board looks like there's a good chance it will come unglue one of these days - for that very purpose, I just left the pieces in the plastic storage bags that they came in (there are two, one for the black pieces, and one for the white pieces). I am not crazy about the Knight, it looks like a clownish horse. I think the other pieces are okay, except that I wish the Queen would be a bit more "queeny" as it looks very close to the Bishop. I like the size of the board; it's big enough for an actual tournament and to play a real serious, concentrated game - there are less expensive sets that are similar to this one, but those boards are kind of on the smaller size, which does bother me, but might not others (in which case, I suggest that you get one of those less expensive sets that looks exactly like this one, but with a smaller board). Other than those small little "imperfections" to me, I like this set - although I'm not thrill about the price (maybe I'm still hoping for a 2002 price, or hoping I can somehow find my original set that is still being manufactured, I doubt it though). So for all of those minor reasons, I gave it 4 stars instead of 5.It came within a week with Free Super Saving Shipping. Everything arrived new, nothing was damaged during shipping. It is even covered in a thick plastic bag within its box (and of the course that box is within the Amazon shipping box). I would still recommend it, despite the price. I hope to have many use of it like I did with my original.
This gripping, transcendent political thriller is altogether extraordinary. It is everything I want a movie to be and it accomplishes what great art should, and rarely does - one emerges from the theatre a changed person, and maybe even a better one.
BASICALLY ITS OVERRATED. THE SONGS DONT FLOW AS THEY SHOULD DO.THE SONGS ARE LOVELY BUT THEY HAVE BEEN KILLED STONE DEAD BY HYPE.WE KNOW DAMN WELL THEY WRITE BRILLIANT ALBUMS, THEY DONT NEED TO PROVE IT!(THE FILM ISNT MUCH GOOD EITHER-WHERES THE PLOT?)BUY STAYIN ALIVE ALBUM INSTEAD-AT LEAST THEY WERENT FORCED TO DO THAT AND THE SONGS ARE BETTER TOO!
I bought this card to use with my Alltel Kyocera broadband wireless pcmcia card. The verbiage discribing the reader seemed to imply it would work that way. It did not. A call to the ActionTec support line resulted in me being told they would not support "third party" cards. Live and learn. Now I read that adaptors are being made that will specifically support the Kyocera.
I truly loved, strike that, really liked this flick. To love this movie is perhaps an obsession saved for the pages of a Stephen King novel or a sign that I need help. This movie is very, very violent both overtly and passively. You are left with a sense that New York is nothing but a cesspool. While many non-New Yorkers might agree, I think its gritty cinematography and dialogue, really work to amplify the murderer's personality. Not only is he deadly insane, but also he is the deadliest in a world filled with violence.In addition, I think the movie has an originality that makes you smack your forehead and wonder why you hadn't written it first. It is the perfect tale where we all already understand the symbols and the motivations, but they are turned on their head. It was as if Hieronymus Bosch was the writer and we are looking at the modern day incarnation of the last panel of the Garden of Earthly Delights. In essence, the grotesque is used to shock, but also to teach us. The lesson could be religious or the fact great horrors have been committed under religion's banner. Or, which is most likely, that films are simply to make money.This movie has great acting beyond its violent and disturbing story. It is so good I don't think there is a movie studio that could afford to ever reassemble the four key actors to make another movie-Morgan Freeman, Brad Pitt, Kevin Spacey, &amp; Gwenyth Paltrow. This power pack puts the story beyond other disturbing tales like Kubrick's Clockwork Orange into a lasting package that, had it been a more tame topic, would be a standard on television for years. This movie belongs only a notch bellow the pinnacle of serial killer movies, Silence of the Lambs, and light years beyond such utterly awful attempts like Hannibal &amp; Copy Cats. This is a great movie, but definitely not for children or the faith of heart.
The case was completely shattered when I received this Cd. But luckily there was no damage to the CD itself and I don't usually keep the cases.
Ditto with everything "Shucker" stated in her review. This is the best nursing bra I've come across. I wish I'd known about it for my first child. It's extremely supportive both as a bra and during nursing. The opening is such that there's no need to hold or prop your breast in order to nurse. This is a HUGE plus for those of us who are bustier. The sizing is a bit off as I found the cups run a tad bigger. However, I just ordered a cup size smaller and it fit perfectly. This is not a sexy bra, ladies, but what it lacks in aesthetics it more than makes up for in function. The only negative comment I have is that the clasp is difficult to open and close with one hand. All in all, this is the best bra for the bustier mom!
This is the debut album of one of the greatest thrash metal bands ever which is Exodus. If you just started to listen to metal you might propely be more familar with the albums Tempo Of The Damned or Shovel Head Kill Machine but this album is one million times better than those two albums put together. The music is so fast and crazy. I can't believe that kirk Hammet left Exodus and now Exodus is like way more popular than Metallica. The song Bonded By Blood is one of my favorite songs by Exodus.The lyrics to me are no different than any of the four original Metallica or Megadeth albums which means that they are good. The lyrics fit the music perfect and the lyrics and the music are so complexed.This is just as good as Metallica or Megadeth. Exodus to me is underated a little. They are like five times better than anything you hear on television or the radio. The most impressive song on this album to me is Strike Of The Beast. I hope that Exodus plan on releasing more albums like a year or two in the future seeing that they just released Shovel Head Kill Machine.
Wonderful toy. We have had it since last Christmas and it has held up extremely well with my 5 yr old! He still plays with it. One note though: it comes with one book and built in software for that book. You should purchase other books. They come with a small plastic piece that &quot;plugs in&quot; to provide the software for that particular book. You need to be in charge of those, not your child. If they are lost, the book won't work with the leap pad!
Canon is getting a reputation for overpriced gear when it comes to advanced amateurs or pros. But there are some minor exceptions. This is one of them.Canon's price is reasonable compared to others. It's quality is not to be argued with.There are several companies I'd buy filters from based on where I get the best price including shippng. So I've bought several of these. I can't say without a quick invenory how many Canon filters I've bought.Should you keep a UV or piece of glass on your lens? That;s not a simple call, but generally I'd say yes. When I worked at this for a living, I usually didn't with specific lenses. Some occasions allowed for it, but the effect on optics however trivial is real -- bt only sometimes. Someone who knows about when will know. The others should keep it on. I banged up a lot of lenses. Some had bent filter rings. One had some damage to the front element. It was a Nikon lens bought new. It looked awful and worked fine. I checked the optics against the original test shots and they were the same. A filter wouldn't have protected any lens from some of the things that totaled a couple.Every lens I buy has a filter of some kind on it within a reasonable period of time. In the small number of cases where I think it matters, I take it off. The result is that I've banged up a couple of filters instead of my lenses. A slip that could have ruined a $1500 lens cost me a $40 filter, assuming I objected to it being scarred up. (actually, I repaied it and repainted it).Murphy's law says it's going to happen. I bought a new lens last Noember and a filter. As soon as I put the lens on the camerra, the dog showed up and gave the front element a big lick. Carefully leaned it off and put a filter on. I'd have that happen to a lense with a soft coating.The sharp cut matters on some lenses. But others make an equivalent. If he Canon price is comparable to oen of the other major brands, buy what's easy for you-- or this one
I recently re-read Boys of Summer. When I first read it almost 30 years ago, I was puzzled why people thought so highly of it. Reading it again has not changed a thing, if anything, the book's flaws are even more apparent.Are the Dodgers a worthy subject of so much prose? Yes and no. They were a very good team over a number of years with a number of personalities on the field and in the front office. They had their greatest success just before the franchise moved. And they were the team of Jackie Robinson, himself the subject of many books, myths and legends.With all that great material, Kahn writes an extraordinarily dull book. The autobiographical parts of father and son being Dodger fans are hackneyed and pervaded by every clich&eacute; in the book. And for a person who covered the team as a beat writer for all of one full season, Kahn seems awfully smug about his knowledge of the Dodgers and dismissive of other writers who spent much more time with the team.The book also lacks even a trace of humor. As anyone who follows baseball on any level can vouch, baseball players can be very funny individuals. The Dodgers that are portrayed here are completely serious and boring. Perhaps that reflects the nature of the author.By the way, I was born and bred in Brooklyn and still spit when the name Walter O'Malley is mentioned. These Dodgers do not deserve the treatment given by Kahn.
Pluto was actually discovered when Holst was still alive, but Holst refused to be bothered with that entity. And he was right after all.Now Pluto is no longer a planet, I doubt this recording will ever be re-released.
I purchased the MX 610 Logitech mouse just under 2 years ago. The original device lasted about 9 months and was replaced by Logitech. It had serious functionality issues, i.e., cursor jumping all over the screen, the downloaded software continually resetting itself to defaults that I neither wanted nor expected, programmable buttons working only part of the time. I thought these problems were due to receiving a lemon, but after getting the replacement and within a shorter time, the new one started acting the same way. Anyone who likes to play games will understand how infuriating it can be when you can't get the cursor to a certain point, or when dropping and dragging items like photos you need to pick the mouse up and move it because you've run out of desk space to move it far enough. This mouse replaced a Logitech Optical corded mouse that I loved, except for the cord. I just ordered a new Logitech Optical wireless mouse, and hopefully that will be better than this Laser version that I have absolutely no faith in. Also, getting a Laser cordless mouse requires stock in a battery company as this one ate them up pretty quickly
My personal opinion says that this is the greatest and most refined of the Uncle Tupelo releases giving you more enjoyment for your buck than any of the other Uncle Tupelo releases. Some may say that Rockville is a much better cd release, but Anodyne is a lot like a mid-nineties afternoon beer buzz. Pleasant, Simple, and no negative lingering after effects. Songs like Anodyne stick with you long after you've moved on to other things and hearing them again after many years doesn't dull their effect one bit. This is an album that will most certainly endure.
I've owned one of these babies for nearly two years and have made many hundreds of cuts with it. Mostly I cut tan oak, madrone and some redwood. I'm stunned by the bad reviews here. I don't know what the complainers expect. I've never had the chain jump off and although the chain has bumped the guards a few times because of the way I was putting pressure sideways against my work piece this has been a minor issue and hasn't dulled the blade. I've never sharpened the blade once and it's still sharp because it's never cut into the dirt or a rock due to the design of the jaws. I cut about 5 cords of wood a year, mostly with my trusty Husqvarna gas saw. However, I have lots and lots of small branches 4" and under to cut up, some of them quite long. They are big enough for firewood but too small to safely cut up with the gas saw. Enter the Alligator. Now I can easily and safely cut up this smaller wood without the work piece spinning or otherwise getting out of control. It can be dangerous dealing with the small stuff. The Alligator makes it safe. The blade did stretch some after a hundred or so cuts and I had to retension it, but I think I only have done that once and I've cut up mountains of seasoned wood. The chips easily clear themselves so I don't know what those complaints are about either. I have had small chunks of wood jam the blade a few times but that can happen with any chainsaw. This is a very trouble free saw!I've only given four stars because it is a somewhat awkward tool to use because of its size and weight, takes some getting used to, and the oiler completely sucks. This tool deserves a better oiler by far. The oil bottle included automatically closes itself when you try to oil the tool! Who thinks of these things? Do the engineers actually try out the tools themselves? Also, it would be nice if there was a device to clamp the extension cord to the tool so it wasn't constantly falling out. I did purchase a clamping device at Harbor Freight real cheap, but it should be built into the Alligator cord. Shame on all these electric tool manufacturers for not thinking of that.Extra points to Black and Decker for including vegetable oil as chain lube and for suggesting the customer use vegetable oil. I now use veggie oil in my gas saws as well. Cheaper and environmentally better than petroleum.It's a great tool but I have to buy a new one. See, I cut down a tree with the Husky and it fell on the Alligator and broke the case. It looks like enough of a hassle to dismantle I imagine it will cost as much to repair as buying a new one. I'll try to get it repaired anyway and then I'll have a backup.Great tool at a great price. By the way, I don't recommend it, but I've made quite a few cuts through ten inch logs with my Alligator. You have to roll the log to do it and I'm sure Black and Decker would never suggest it, but it easily cuts through seasoned wood as long as you don't push it too hard. Overheating of the motor could easily happen by overworking it so let it cool down if it seems to be getting hot.Thanks for reading.
"Cloverfield" is a pretty scary movie. It has a bit of everything in it. Horror, action, romance, comedy, drama; it has a lot of genres into it. The film isn't very long, and it may not have a lot to it, but it's still a very-well executed movie. The opening card in the beginning was pretty cool, with that "government" and "case designate Cloverfield" thing. That was an interesting way to begin the film. It finally rolls into the actual footage. The character development in the beginning was good, and I read that in the reviews for this movie that the characters were "one-dimensional", but in basically every "found-footage" film the people are one-dimensional. I bet nobody would be complaining about that if the film had regular camera cuts and weren't found footage.Anyway, besides that, after about 18 minutes, the action finally begins with a loud boom. This movie is more intense because it's a large group of people screaming and freaking out. Another thing that makes this film pretty creepy is that it has this "apocalypse" feel to it. There's a lot of running and terror in the film. I guess the running made people get motion sickness, but it's their fault that they got motion sickness. They're the ones who saw the movie and they saw that it was done on video camera, and it obviously involves running, so it's basically their fault. I like the extreme shaky camera, and the pixelation, and how in some scenes it would cut back to footage from a month ago for a couple seconds. I also like those freaky-looking spider creatures in that one subway scene. The special effects were also great (it only had a $25 million budget).I like how they only show little bits and pieces of the monster throughout the movie and at the end you finally see the whole thing in front of the camera. It's pretty scary looking. The end obviously doesn't explain everything (that's what a lot of people complained about), but I actually think it ended really well, with a cliffhanger. At the last shot in the movie, I like when it cuts back to a month ago and the last line in the movie is "I had a good day". The film may not have a lot to it, like I said before. It plays out like this, the "a month ago" scene, the party scene, the running scene, the subway scene, the mall scene, hotel scene, and it finally shows the monster and after that there's a couple more minutes. It may sound like a good amount, but for a movie that's not much. I'm not complaining about it, because I think the movie actually played out really well.The audio at the way end when you hear "Help us" and when it's played backwards, you hear "It's still alive", was pretty cool, because it adds on to the cliffhanger effect, and it does make the movie even more creepier. Altogether, I think that even 3 years after the release of Cloverfield, the film is still worth watching again.
